13:02:02	 From akg45 : It gave me the option to leave the meeting though, even though it said i couldn't get in. so maybe it still counted as joining the meeting?
13:03:19	 From Angelina Spotts : Yeah, mine just said there was a conflicting meeting so I went in through my browser and it let me in.
13:04:26	 From daniel : official ++
13:04:35	 From daniel : WE GOT YOUR CLA
13:04:37	 From daniel : WE GOT A CLA
13:04:41	 From daniel : CLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
13:04:54	 From Melissa Anez : https://islandora.ca/resources/contributors
13:05:01	 From Melissa Anez : CLAs and details there ^
13:05:38	 From michaelbolam : Agenda - https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2019-02-11.md
13:07:08	 From Melissa Anez : But it’s signed and now Rachel has a commit in islandora 8!
13:07:49	 From Rachel Tillay : Documentation we're working on *right now*: https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898
13:09:09	 From Johanna Radding : I'm not on mic fyi.
13:09:12	 From Johanna Radding : But I'm listening
13:09:17	 From Rachel Tillay : No problem!
13:10:02	 From michaelbolam : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OR5sis2QUVOxmf2hHq3Zsuidt06rMs5F92Pn6nprg1k/edit?usp=sharing
13:10:46	 From Meredith Hale : I don’t have access to this, but sent in a request.
13:13:09	 From michaelbolam : https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit?usp=sharing
13:13:16	 From michaelbolam : Draft Recommendations
13:19:02	 From Rachel Tillay : https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898
13:19:05	 From daniel : FWIW that would totally work
13:19:21	 From daniel : you just need a unique string for each name, and they can be referenced in other migrations
13:19:26	 From daniel : totally how i'd do it
13:20:23	 From Meredith Hale : This is what we’re attempting. We use LoC for authorities (super time intensive), so we don’t get every name, but most significant ones.
13:27:30	 From Rachel Tillay : https://sites.google.com/site/westernnameauthorityfile/
13:28:59	 From michaelbolam : https://exhibits.lib.utah.edu/s/wnaf/page/welcome
13:29:13	 From michaelbolam : That’s the OmekaS with their vocab.
13:31:52	 From michaelbolam : University of Houston did a similar project to create authorities outside of their systems - https://vocab.lib.uh.edu/en.html
13:44:42	 From Kate Gerrity : fyi, 245 subfield c maps to mods:note with a type attribute of "statement of responsibility", per http://www.loc.gov/standards/mods/v3/mods-mapping-3-6.html.
13:45:06	 From Meredith Hale : Thanks Kate.
13:45:47	 From Kate Gerrity : but we don't keep those notes in the marc to mods conversions we do, fwiw. we also don't create name access points for transcribed forms of names as you'd ind in a 245 subfield c.
13:46:10	 From Kate Gerrity : ^find
13:46:24	 From Kate Gerrity : correct
13:46:55	 From michaelbolam : Nice find Kate. I missed that in the quick review of the mods mapping.
13:47:24	 From Itza carbajal : sorry mic not working
13:47:34	 From Kate Gerrity : when we do original mods records (not converted from marc) we might the transcribed form og the name in the abstract, but not in an access point.
