13:02:21	 From Daniel Lamb : fwiw i've always secretly called that robot hair
13:02:40	 From Charlie Tillay : https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2020_08_10.md
13:02:43	 From Seth Shaw : Not so secret now, Danny. ü§ñ
13:05:05	 From Paige Morfitt : Where's the link to the survey? 
13:05:13	 From Melissa Anez : https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!msg/islandora/SOED-scjAmQ/BGvnB2YOCQAJ
13:05:27	 From Melissa Anez : er.. https://forms.gle/vv8ktGfGDcPERJfH9
13:05:29	 From Paige Morfitt : Thank you!
13:14:44	 From Melissa Anez : https://www.ica.org/en/egad-ric-conceptual-model
13:19:25	 From Rosie Le Faive : https://w3id.org/
13:19:38	 From Daniel Lamb : this is new to me
13:20:17	 From Melissa Anez : https://xkcd.com/927/
13:22:43	 From Meredith Hale : Somehow identifiers are always a ‚Äúkerfuffle‚Äù
13:23:08	 From Daniel Lamb : ISO-9660
13:23:34	 From Daniel Lamb : that's for burning a cd, lol
13:25:19	 From Daniel Lamb : fun stuff
13:25:32	 From Rosie Le Faive : which one? the drupal or the fedora?
13:27:17	 From Melissa Anez : Take *that*, Imposter Syndrome.
13:28:19	 From Bolam, Michael R : Dubin Core = Dublin Ohio
13:28:27	 From Meredith Hale : Beat me to it Michael!
13:28:30	 From Daniel Lamb : i always thought ireland
13:28:32	 From Meredith Hale : Proud Ohioan here originally
13:28:34	 From Melissa Anez : Guys‚Ä¶ *Island*ora
13:31:16	 From Melissa Anez : https://us02web.zoom.us/meeting/register/tZAuf-yprD4oG9bqLHaZ-FjKHc7ji4MychIM
13:34:44	 From Eli Zoller : I‚Äôd totally use that
13:35:31	 From Eli Zoller : I was just thinking about this same thing earlier - using the external URI instead of the taxonomy term URI
13:42:05	 From Kristina Spurgin (she/her) : https://github.com/perma-id/w3id.org/tree/master/mediatype
13:42:18	 From Rosie Le Faive : like the pirate code
13:42:19	 From Meredith Hale : Samvera I think is using URIs for typeOfResource - file:///Users/Meredith/Downloads/MODS-RDF-Mapping-Recommendations_SMIG_v1_2019-01%20(10).pdf
13:42:59	 From Kristina Spurgin (she/her) : "The initial reason for doing this is to allow users of the Dublin Core Terms format property to refer to stable, dereferenceable, URIs for Media Types rather than to uses non-resolving URIs or text strings."
13:43:14	 From Seth Shaw : https://wiki.duraspace.org/download/attachments/87460857/MODS-RDF-Mapping-Recommendations_SMIG_v1_2019-01.pdf?version=3&modificationDate=1549383163287&api=v2
13:43:49	 From Meredith Hale : It‚Äôs here - https://wiki.lyrasis.org/display/samvera/MODS+and+RDF+Descriptive+Metadata+Subgroup
13:50:24	 From Eli Zoller : Sorry have to head out now to prepare for next meeting
13:51:45	 From Seth Shaw : I‚Äôm not looking forward to my kids starting school on the 24th‚Ä¶. üò¨
13:52:11	 From Paige Morfitt : My brain is still on vacation mode. 
13:52:21	 From Lisa McFall : Seth, my kids go back after Labor Day, but are doing remote learning. It's going to be crazy.
13:52:36	 From Meredith Hale : UTK students started coming back this past weekend :)
13:55:20	 From Meredith Hale : Yeah, we‚Äôve worked on this situation within our department. Basically, the person doesn‚Äôt report yes centrally, just to their supervisor.
13:55:40	 From Meredith Hale : They figure it out together from there.
13:57:41	 From Daniel Lamb : where are the pluses here?
14:00:08	 From Kristina Spurgin (she/her) : Thanks all! Take care!
14:00:24	 From Paige Morfitt : Thank you!
14:00:29	 From Chris : Thanks
