10:07:19	 From  Paige Morfitt : Agenda: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2021_01_11.md
10:21:22	 From  Lisa McFall : We don't have developers on staff at Hamilton unfortunately.
10:21:38	 From  Charlie Tillay : Ah, thanks for that detail, Lisa!
10:23:43	 From  Paige Morfitt : That would be amazing, though!
10:29:17	 From  Melissa Anez : One time *for now*
10:29:32	 From  Paige Morfitt : I think that would be a great idea. I know in our process, that is something I wished we had. It would have saved us some time/investigation. 
10:29:36	 From  Paige Morfitt : and confusion
10:32:49	 From  Melissa Anez : I think that’s an excellent idea, Tillay
10:33:26	 From  Mandy Ryan : I would love that so much! I can't attend all of the other interest meetings, but I'd love to get some details on what's being worked on/discussed in those
10:34:20	 From  Rosie Le Faive : is anyone here on IR interest group? or multilingual (is that an IG yet?)
10:34:46	 From  Melissa Anez : Multilingual is not an IG yet, but Multi-tenancy is
10:35:03	 From  Melissa Anez : Active IGs: DIG, IRIG, ISLE, Multi-Tenancy
10:35:07	 From  Melissa Anez : And the one we’re soaking in.
10:35:27	 From  Melissa Anez : Please the User Group and the Tech Call. That’s basically the run of public meetings.
10:35:57	 From  Melissa Anez : There is already a regular reporting channel for the Islandora Coordinating Committee
10:37:04	 From  Lisa McFall : I need to run for a meeting with my son and his teacher. See you all next time!
10:37:46	 From  Mandy Ryan : All of it?
10:41:33	 From  Charlie Tillay : Ah, yes, the excellent open meetings as well!
10:42:50	 From  Mandy Ryan : I like it
10:45:53	 From  Melissa Anez : I think your question fell into the holiday void
10:51:23	 From  Charlie Tillay : We've also regularly had some of us cataloger/metadata types freak out about the *next* migration, and how customization is going to complicate that. For instance, I'm convinced the next gen is going to hate us for moving away from the concept of records (ie. LoD)
10:51:59	 From  Melissa Anez : gtg
10:53:12	 From  Charlie Tillay : I'd be willing to write the *warning* risks of complication portion, but not the details of customization/how updates will work.
10:54:06	 From  Charlie Tillay : Good point, Seth. We're still figuring out so many best practices.
10:55:21	 From  Mandy Ryan : I love a good case study!
11:01:01	 From  Bolam, Michael R : Speaking of which - I need to get to an Archives Space meeting in a minute. See everyone later!
