## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, April 2, 2018, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)
### 
---
* Chair: Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Rosie LeFaive
---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [Conference Call Information](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Conference-Call-Information)
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
  
#### Working Documents:
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
---

#### Attending:
* Gabi Gulya
* Rachel Tillay
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie LeFaive
* Danny Lamb

#### Agenda:
* Welcome and Announcements
  * Call to participate in Solr Index Tuning Interest group (Solr Name Completion time outs are occuring, and some Solr views are corrupted in some themes, so the group is looking for metadata people who have insights into fields and those with examples editing Solr)
  * Existing pull request related to these issues: https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_solr_views/pull/39
  * Existing Jira issue possibly related: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1731
* Review and discuss principles and requirements document (https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit?usp=sharing)
    * We addressed the fact that this exists, but we weren't able to discuss much.
* Review of last meeting's discussion of MODS and can we keep it:
    * We think we'll probably store the incoming MODS as a read-only datastream
    * We think we'll export what we can and allow the users to customize their transforms after the fact.
* Danny updates on what code is doing:
    * Natkeeran has a proof of concept module: https://github.com/natkeeran/islandora_migrate_mods
    * It takes xpath, so as long as you're comfortable with XML/xpath and can write a YAML file, it's not too bad to configure.
    * The issues of "how do you deal with things vs strings" 
    * "Entity management" vs "Authority Creation" and don't worry about making a local "copy" of existing authorities. You can be more consistent in Drupal terms, you can have the needed string values cached locally, and it can help you while you're reconciling what local strings refer to. Don't worry about accidentally making duplicates because of typos.

* Begin assessment of mapping work thus far through the lense of the principles and requirements
    * Work done on the Trello board, https://trello.com/c/8dR1jq1c/62-modstitle
    * Discussion of need for title vs subtitle (we need it)
    * Discussion of need for translated strings (we need them)
    * Discussion of need for alternative titles (we need them)
  

#### For next time:
