## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, October 29, 2018, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair:  Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Rosie Le Faive
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
* [Principles and Requirements document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit?usp=sharing)
* Mapping Spreadsheet [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* Worked Examples [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
---

#### Attending:
* Paige Gerrity
* [Many other people who I forgot to record]
* Bethany Seeger
* Danny Lamb
* Mike Bolam
* Rachel Tillay
* Rosie Le Faive
* Melissa Anez

### Agenda:

1. Announcements
   1. Islandoracon?
1. What will our Deliverables look like? 
   1. What does a mapping look like?
   1. Does the mapping need to be human- or machine- readable?
   1. Will our Mapping be accompanied by a "content type" in Drupal with its fields set up?
   1. How thoroughly are we expecting to cover all uses of MODS as part of "the mapping"
   1. What is our suggestion for non-XSLT customization of the mapping?
   1. Timeline?

1. Provenance Meta(meta)data (e.g. recordInfo)
       
1. Still in the air? mods/originInfo/frequency map to rdau:frequency

1. Still in the air? mods/originInfo/issuance map to rdau:modeOfIssuance

1. Subjects
   1. Should we mint them all? 
   

### Notes:

1. Announcements
   1. Islandoracon is October 7-11, 2019, in Vancouver.
1. What will our Deliverables look like? 
   1. What does a mapping look like?
      1. A spreadsheet, with Xpaths to RDF predicates, is ok. Danny is comfortable implementing. 
   1. Does the mapping need to be human- or machine- readable?
      1. Once implemented, it's more of a "bundle" of stuff including xpaths and yaml and some RDF mapping, but we don't have to worry about that. We don't have to do the implementation, just the human-readable mapping.
      1. There will need to be good documentation to communicate this to the community, to understand the requirements and process of the mapping and how to elaborate on it.
   1. Will our Mapping be accompanied by a "content type" in Drupal with its fields set up?
      1. Yes - this is the content type in islandora_demo. It should be split out of Islandora_demo into its own module so that it is portable.
      1. We may also create a "demo" version of a complex object - if not to be complete, to show how this is possible.
   1. How thoroughly are we expecting to cover all uses of MODS as part of "the mapping"
      1. We are not expecting to be thorough. We will base off of the existing forms, and potentially some other elements, but not expect to be 100% thorough.
   1. What is our suggestion for non-XSLT customization of the mapping?
      1. We can create (and document) a workflow that takes in CSV.
   1. Timeline?
      1. Co-Conveners will come up with one, that includes a period for public feedback.

1. Provenance Meta(meta)data (e.g. recordInfo)
   1. Would require a quadstore to do "granularly". Quadstores are not that difficult, you can use Blazegraph, and Amherst College has some example code.
       
1. Still in the air? mods/originInfo/frequency map to rdau:frequency
   1. Settled on rdau:frequency.

1. Still in the air? mods/originInfo/issuance map to rdau:modeOfIssuance
   1. Settled on rdau:modeOfIssuance

1. Apparently still in the air: mods/originInfo/edition
   1. Decided to prefer RDA to Bibframe as a predicate source.
   1. Settled on rdau:editionStatement
   1. Decided not to care that entailment causes the subject of this predicate to be read as a RDA Manifestation. 

1. Subjects - we did not get to this.
   


### Next meeting:
1. November 12, 2018: 
   * Subjects cont.
   * Notes, description
