12:01:22	 From  Charlie Tillay : Meeting agenda/notes: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/edit/main/Meetings/2020_01_13
12:02:36	 From  Charlie Tillay  to  rod(Privately) : Hi! For the minutes, would you like me to record a last name?
12:03:54	 From  Charlie Tillay  to  SimonHM(Privately) : Hello, would you like me to record HM as your last name for the minutes, or do you have a fuller form of name you'd prefer?
12:04:46	 From  rod  to  Charlie Tillay(Privately) : Yes please. Rod Bruce
12:04:47	 From  Melissa Anez : https://islandora.ca/camps/icamppei
12:05:04	 From  Charlie Tillay  to  rod(Privately) : Thank you!
12:06:51	 From  Seth Shaw : https://www.drupal.org/project/archivesspace
12:14:18	 From  Seth Shaw : MWDL Metadata Application Profile: https://github.com/mountainwestdl/mwdl-map/wiki/MWDL-Metadata-Application-Profile
12:19:07	 From  SimonHM  to  Charlie Tillay(Privately) : u can use: Simon Mai
12:19:17	 From  SimonHM  to  Charlie Tillay(Privately) : thanks
12:21:16	 From  Angelina Spotts : Yes, definitely based things on examples
12:24:31	 From  Derek Merleaux : ++
12:24:37	 From  Rosie Le Faive : saying “no politics” is being political
12:43:06	 From  Angelina Spotts : Yes Yes Yes!
12:43:20	 From  Angelina Spotts : (sorry it is very loud in this room so i have to type)
12:44:14	 From  Derek Merleaux : I like this idea!
12:44:33	 From  Angelina Spotts : Tillay's idea and this one are fantastic
12:44:49	 From  Johnna Horton : Agreed.
12:50:53	 From  Alex Kent : Definitely like this idea
12:52:34	 From  Rosie Le Faive : MODS-podge?
12:55:21	 From  Derek Merleaux : Thank you all!
