## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, May 4, 2020, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Charlie Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)

* [NEWLY ADDED - Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)

---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie Le Faive
* Melissa Anez
* Gabi Gulya
* Elisa Naquin
* Danny Lamb
* Kristina Spurgin
* Martha Tenney
* Paige Morfitt
* Lisa McFall
* Sarah Lippincott
* Ray Garcia
* Flor Martinez
* Jose Emmanuel Vega Ruiz
* Jimena Escobar
* Ricardo Rodgriguez


### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Mappings Discussion - comparing current mappings to MODS, DC Elements, and DC Terms

### Notes:
* Announcements - 
  * ICG hoping to host a Hack/Doc - aimed at more than just code people - some time soon. It was supposed to be in an in-person meeting, but looking to move it online. 
    * Are there project of the MIG that would be useful to put forth?
      * How do we collect what the MIG needs? Collect via the Slack, let people "thumb up" the stuff we love?
    * Are there presentations that could be lead by the members of the MIG?
    * https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/icg_information/blob/master/hack_docs/meetings/06_BrynMawr_2020.md (dates and focus are shifting)  
  * Islandora Online Events in "July" tentatively. Survey open for online Islandora events: https://forms.gle/H3nwkx11Ut36AAiQ6
  * Lyrasis - set up migration for 7x to 8 migration - ran into trouble, but have folks looking at the problem
* Discussion
  * Rosie talked through a migration with documentation/notes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZNvWdgNvYsfRdmflYBQxIJUrDGFeeifXwS6COV-Dp1o/edit#
  * Ran into some troubles along the way, and was able to get some live support from Danny. 
  * Does this only get the latest version?
    * Yes, at least for now. It was decided that for most users all of the older versions were not necessary at this time.
    * It could be done, but it's more development later.
  * Some fields didn't go in or didn't go in properly (for example "notes" were not appearing.
  * Kristina has a document with missing elements from Lyrasis investigations. Sharing elsewhere...
  * Demonstrated Editing YAML
    * Define Field "note" then re-ran the ingest with update.
  * MIG will pull together missing stuff and start to submit pull requests to make this all work better for more people!
  
### Next Meeting:
* May 18, 2020: 
