## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, October 19, 2020, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Rosie LeFaive

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie LeFaive
* Paige Morfitt
* Kristina Spurgin
* Seth Shaw
* Alex K
* Garth Tardy
* Mandy Ryan
* Jonathan Kiritharan

### Agenda:
* Announcements
  * Co-Convener Search - We have two new co-conveners! Welcome to Paige and Kristina!! 
* Technical Metadata Continued
  * Homework:
    * One type of technical metadata you create or use
    * Where you store it and why? 
    * The advantages and disadvantages of that method
    * What are the ramifications of these answers for what you want out of Islandora's storage and functionality?
      * ie. We're trying to figure out the boundaries of the "technical metadata" problem before we start trying to "solve" the problem.
  
### Notes:

* Welcome to the team Paige and Kristina!
* Technical Metadata Discussion
  * MB: Recap of last meeting's discussion about what technical metadata is/how it's used, including a link to [Mike's slides](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/resources/TechMetadata.md) 
  * KS: Surveying numerous clients is hard. But some of Lyrasis' clients have pixels per inch, and capture information. Not sure what clients are doing with it.
  * MB: had set up FITS as part of the digitization process. Everything happened outside of islandora, then pushed in after compilation. No features were being used; it was more of a "maybe in the future we'll want this". As part of the ingest process now in islandora, everything's getting a FITS file. It's just getting stored. Will be going with a different system for digital preservation - Preservica.
  * RL: Having it there for the future is valuable in itself, even if we're not using it now. You can only get the stats-at-ingest at ingest.
  * It's there for preservation planning - many of us have kicked that down the field. What do we need to know to make a sensible preservation plan moving forward? Are the file types still good? etc. Metadata helps understand (and appropriately manage) data that maybe wasn't created under your own purview. If you have preservation plans, how do you respond? How do you have executable policies? (Archivematica etc do this)
  * CT: we had to look at our own technical metadata on some of the first things we digitized at 150 or 300 ppi, wanted to upgrade that. In order to figure out which objects to re-scan, had to hunt through technical metadata. In practice in islandora (7,8) now, it's formatted in an accessible way to actually use. When that ppi data was put in, they followed best practice and put that in, not knowing that they were giong to need it. Can i look at technical metadata? How can i look at it in bulk? This is concerning. Descriptive metadata is getting treated differently, and is indexed and accessible, but technical is not.
  * KS: The way FITS was set up was complicated; some tiffs (exif tiffs) got treated differently than others; and didn't get the validation and well-formed-ness checks that we thought were being applied. 
  * MB: Even if things failed validation, we wouldn't know... we don't have processes to check this stuff, we just throw the results in. 
  * RL: We should probably be more aware of validation stuff going on. This seems like a process that other services - preservica? archivematica? might already do, have interfaces for, etc. 
  * MB: not sure... 
  * SS: ARchivematica; ingest workflow tool. Bring stuff in, validate, create packages you store elsewhere. We'll be using it as a front-end loader for islandora. Preservica has long-term storage and fixity checking and user access as well. On board with Archivematica to define xml schemas for workflows.
  * MR: Preservica did checksum verification, was an important part of the workflow.
  * MB: We had to make decisions... don't have the money to use and maintain both systems. Islandora is the front-end, we expect our users to go there to see it, but preservica could hold our stuff in deep cold storage in case of catastrophe... but some born digital. want to see fits? (maybe not at this point in the discussion)
  * MR: Separate preservation process, write to tape. when talking to digital stewardship, they'd want checksum to be carried over in the descriptive metadata (in the MODS). The checksum of what? Reminded of PCDM;  sould be able to reconstruct based on common structures. 
  * SS: The file that we store metadata about may or may not be the file that's being harvested. What is the process for acquireing the original file? Might be different depending on how open the data is. The user may only want the PDF not the original Word Perfect? 
  * RL: Seems like we want some important metadata on all files, that are *actionble* and available to views - ie. in fields.
  * CT: need for a human readable field for technical metadata that tells the "story" of the digital object and the events that have been happened to it. e.g. taken on this camera, uploaded to this system, these things created automatically. Another field, for how the metadata record was generated. This doesn't solve the situation for harvesting or faceting. But at some future date would be useful. Would help us understand the objects.
  * KS: Summary: we want to keep FITS, but also extract useful parts of it out into (fields on the media) accessible, facetable, etc. locations. And also, keep a log of things that we did to the objects.
  

### Next Meeting:
* November 2, 2020
* Topics: Fun stuff! Metadata bloopers? De-stress for a while! And also wrap up technical metadata.



