## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, January 9, 2017, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair: Amanda Lehman
* Notetaker: Jennifer Eustis  

---

#### We're now using SKYPE.  
* Email us your Skype name to always be on the call.
* [Join Skype Call](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o): [https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o)

---

#### Agenda and Notes:
* Welcome and introductions
* Announcements  
There are no announcements at this time. 

* Mapping MODS to RDF: Start the year off as our Colleagues from Amherst discuss their experience  
Sarah Walden, Bethany Seeger, and Aaron Coburn joined us from Amherst College to talk about their experience with describing content in Fedora 4. 

Brief overview of the repository project at Amherst: For the last year or so, a core group met once a week on how to map all types of metadata (structural, descriptive, access, ...) to Fedora 4. This group has spent about 9 months so far to figure out all the mappings. It is really a work in progress where you can see their initial [documentation](https://gitlab.amherst.edu/acdc/acdc-metadata-profile). Currently, the repository runs on Fedora 3. The repository has about 1 million and a half objects and 150,000 top level objects. All of these objects have a MODS records. The MODS is front and center for current metadata for display, searching, browsing, and harvesting. Amherst implementation to MODS is fairly straightforward. The question was not so much how to you get from MODS to RDF but how do you describe content in RDF and then do you get back to MODS from RDF? As we're working on the translations there is a need to go both ways. The core of this thought process is to reconceptualize how we describe these resources and from these resources how do you generate MODS from RDF. The goal is to look at how we're describing resources and developing standards for that. 

Question: Will the user experience be different after the move to Fedora 4? The user experience should be exactly the same as it is now. Users will see the same type of records as they see now in MODS. It's really just how the system sees the records and descriptions. We would like to present MODS to OAI pmh.

Question: Did you rely on your existing metadata documentation? We're starting from scratch in terms of taking the binary resources and metadata and then regeneate a new resource in Fedora 4. You have descriptive, access control metadata, administrative, structural. When this goes into Fedora 4 this will be in the same record. The hardest thing to figure out is what predicates to use. MODS is a world of strings. These strings can be manipulated for front end interfaces. With RDF, you don't have strings but URIs. What have been MODS name and role, you want to collapse this down to URI which may exist or not in Library of Congress. What are the URI's? We use a set a tools to automate this. How do you get these URIs to display and how to get these back into strings? This is a question to consider.

Question: Are you mapping 1 mods xml to multiple RDF resources (graph)? Say you have several subject headings and creators. You have the 1 resource and use a marcrelator field that represent the creators. Subject headings would all be separate resources. With MODS you have 1 xml document. With RDF, this information is distributed. When you maintain your own resources, you have your SKOS and LDPATH to walk the RDF graph and pull labels in to a structure to generate MODS or user interfaces. We are dropping the use of MODS attribute display label. There are diverging opinions on this. However, we feel that this attribute acts as a hint for a downstream application and should be encoded in the downstream application.Display label isn't about the resource but how Fedora should display it. 

Question: How do you manage URI's to find free text? [Stanbol](https://stanbol.apache.org/docs/trunk/components/enhancer/engines/dereference) is an Apache project to associate URI's with labels. This provides searching, finding, and querying functions. We will continue to use Solr. For more structural types of indexing, there will be a tripple store. This will be an external tripple store - Apache Fuseki. 

Question: What about RelatedItem? This is just another resource. What is the resource and what can the metadata say about that resource? With a bounding box, this could be a URI for example. The bounding box isn't part of the resource itself but is being referenced by the rdf. Once you think about this, the modeling decisions become simplier. We're not creating metadata records. We're asserting statements about resources. We're relying heavily on DC terms and [SKOS](https://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/), [RDFS](https://www.w3.org/TR/rdf-schema/) and some [BIBFRAME](https://www.loc.gov/bibframe/). BIBFRAME is a cataloging ontonology - for those sections that are really about the record such as language of cataloging, BIBFRAME works well for this. The more generic are DC terms which is really effective to describe some of these resources as seen in the [metadata profile](https://gitlab.amherst.edu/acdc/acdc-metadata-profile). [UNC - Libraries](https://github.com/UNC-Libraries/Curators-Workbench/wiki/Form-Generation-and-Data-Dictionary-Model#data-dictionary-model) also has a data dictionary and data model online to be viewed.

Question: Do you use rdf:type? We're not using rdf:type but inference. In the world of RDF, there are a lot of ways to say something is of a certain type. If it's a yearbook, then you can look at the structure of the metadata. We're making use of inference and structural typing. We're trying to avoid explicit typing which we find to be limiting. To share the inference, you can "materialize" rdf triples or not materialize them. Is the inference in the tripple store or in the Jena code? You can cache what Jena does as JSON-LD so that  it is called up without taxing the system and quickly. 

Question: Where are in the process? We started to create some mappings. We're at a proof of concept and still working on subjects. Moving data around is now in place in terms of architecture. There's been work done on the Fedora/Camel toolbox. We have some other tools that we'll use as well. The metadata mappings are a work in progress. One of the problems with subjects is the hierarchy (subject - topic, name, geographic). One idea to deal with that is to be in line with Library of Congress and Getty. We are also rereading the [LDP](https://www.w3.org/2012/ldp/wiki/Main_Page) which says you shouldn't use DC terms type. We keep narrowing in on these finer points as work continues with the MODS Hydra group and Library of Congress on standards. 

Question: What resources have you dedicated to this project? The number of people were 2 digital library, 2 metadata, and 2 programmers to think through these issues together. People also attended the MODS Hydra Group. Essentially, it is preferrable to have staff from  Metadata, technical/developers, and digital collections people. There was a lot of self education that also needed to happen. Not many people have done this yet so we tagged along the Hydra group as they developped standards. It is a long haul. There's a lot of data and different types of objects. 

Question: What resources would you recommend? [Semantic web for the working ontologist](http://workingontologist.org/) was the last book discussed by the club. There will be a second book club. [Details](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/duraspace-bookclub). It looks like the next book is [Linked Data for Libraries, Archives, and Museums](http://book.freeyourmetadata.org/)


