## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, February 13, 2017, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair: Amanda Lehman
* Notetaker: Jennifer Eustis  

---

#### Join on SKYPE.  
* Email us your Skype name to always be on the call.
* [Join Skype Call](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o): [https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o)

---

#### Agenda and Notes:
* Welcome and introductions
* Announcements:  
  1. Ways to contribute to the Community:  
    * Islandora 7.x-1.9 Call for Volunteers https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora/z6vgTrcZXi4  
    We want to encourage everyone to contribute to the community. We need testers and documentation helpers. Please help out.
    * CLAW Testing - Newbie Tickets to get your feet wet (https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Anewbie) and more: they are happy to help anyone willing to particpate.  
    The CLAW committer will help you learn the ropes. The basic knowledge you should have is how to fire up your virtual machine. These are basic tickets. These might be new tickets that you click through and see if it behaves the way it's supposed to. You don't need to have any specific coding skills.  
    Paul Van Schayck introduced us to a new module that is a lookup [service for ontology and URI](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/islandora/d0zpvWE4bbg/5f2wEJOJCQAJ;context-place=forum/islandora). You can add any ontology to it.
* Discussion
  * 5 from Jennifer - CLAW Use cases: https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22use+case%22  
  We encourage everyone to comment on the use cases. There's no timeline per say for these issues. It would be great to consider the RDF UI use cases sooner rather than later.
  There is also the [Hydra MODS to RDF subgroup](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/hydra/MODS+and+RDF+Descriptive+Metadata+Subgroup). This group has been discussing how to map MODS to RDF for almost a year. They are doing great work. More information will be shared in the future about the work they're doing.
* Subgroup Updates
  * Tools Survey: This group will look at how to translate the survey into use case scenarios. This group looks at solutions for Islandora that are external to Islandora.  
  
  There's also an authorities subgroup which is getting together now. More information about our subgroups can be found on our [wiki](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/wiki). If you have any suggestions for future topics or discussions, feel free to create an issue here or get in touch.
