## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, December 12, 2016, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair: Jennifer Eustis
* Notetaker: Amanda Lehman
* Present: 

---

#### We're now using SKYPE.  
* Email us your Skype name to always be on the call.
* [Join Skype Call](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o): [https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o)

---

#### Agenda Items:
* Welcome and introductions
* Announcements  
  * Should the PDF and large image solution pack default MODS XML Form include a dateIssued element?
  * Use Cases for CLAW Metadata Creation: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/issues/34
  * Check out and provide feedback for Move to Islandora Kit Mapping template: Follow instructions at https://github.com/MarcusBarnes/mik/wiki/Metadata-Mappings-Helper.
* Bryan Brown from the Islandora Institutional Repository Interest Group to talk about scholarly metadata
* Mapping MODS to RDF
* CLAW Goals
* Metadata features and wish lists
* Subgroups updates
* Round table

#### Notes:

