## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, June 22, 2015
### 11 -12 pm EST
---
#### Chair: Christina Marie Harlow
#### Notes: Jennifer Eustis

---
#### Agenda Items:
##### Review of Metadata Interest Group goals, notes, Islandora Google Group  

The Terms of Reference for the MIG look good. We will add that meetings are open to everyone. We might also add microdata and modeling.

Chairing & Note taking: If you are interested in chairing or taking notes, just let one of the co-covenors know. Chairing and taking notes are also open to those who want to participate. At the start of the meeting, we can also determine a chair and note taker though one of the convenors will rotate these responsibilities. Notes will be shared on the MIG Github meetings folder (https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/edit/master/Meetings/). 

MIG Github Wiki: https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/wiki. This will be used for documentation.


##### Meeting plans - platform, frequency  

The MIG site is https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/. We plan to have a monthly standing meeting. Monday is a good day since not many other Islandora IG's have meetings on that day. A survey will be sent out on Islandora Google Group to find a time and a Monday (1st, 2nd, etc.) that is convenient. This survey will also ask people to provide their name and affiliation if they would like to be listed as participants of MIG. This information will be added to our MIG Github site. 

Meetings will primarily use WebEx from UConn. But some meetings will use the web conferencing software of the other co-convenors. Details on how to join virtual meetings will be shared in posts to the Islandora Google Group and often in the agenda for the next meeting. Meetings will also be recorded in the future.

Meetings are open to anyone who wants to attend. Meeting times will be posted to the Islandora Google Group and also the Islandora even calendar at ([https://www.google.com/calendar/embed?src=96s6v709n719hapqtt9m8vj588@group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/Halifax).

Subgroups: We will let the MIG develop organically where more than likely there will be subgroups.

##### Other topics (please add or bring to meeting)  

Microdata and modeling: This might be a topic for a subgroup.
List of tools and scripts: It would be great to start of documentating a list of tools, scripts and resources that people use with Islandora. These resources can be added to our MIG Github Wiki.
Portland Common Data Model (https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Portland+Common+Data+Model): This could be an interesting topic for the group. PCDM or PREMIS?
Hydra group: We can draw on the work done by this group. It would be a good idea to hang out on other groups to get ideas.

##### Action Items  

Send out survey for standing meeting and list of participants
Create MIG Github Wiki page
Get ideas from Hydra Group and other groups if possible
Add resources to MIG Github Wiki on resources and tools that already exist for Islandora metadata

##### Next Meeting  
This will be posted after this Friday.
