## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, May 8, 2017, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair: Amanda Lehman  
* Notetaker: Jennifer Eustis

---

#### Join on SKYPE.  
* Email us your Skype name to always be on the call.
* [Join Skype Call](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o): [https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o)

---

#### Agenda and Notes:
* Welcome and introductions
  * Welcome all new and returning members - we're glad you came! 
* Announcements:  
  * All the cool kids will be at IslandoraCon in May: https://islandora.ca/camps/conference2017
* Discussion: Creating Issues in GitHub.  
  * Template: https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Use-Case-template
  * Working Example: [Report on Metadata Tools Subgroup 2016 Survey](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Mml0K7sX7r6iVrDWMazrXyvVnIZ-MAcbF31W16dGo1Q/edit#heading=h.fzge2gedmdy9)
* Application: Provide feedback on Bryan's Intro to Linked Data for CLAW: https://github.com/bryjbrown/CLAW/blob/bryjbrown-user-docs-updates/docs/user-documentation/intro-to-ld-for-claw.md either as pull request (extra points) or through other communication.  
* Subgroup reports  
* Other updates or business
