## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, August 7, 2017, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair:  Rosie Le Faive
* Notetaker: Jennifer Eustis
* Announcements: Amanda Lehman

---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [[Conference Call Information]]
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
---
#### Attending:  
* Rachel Tillay, Tulane University  
* Betsy Post, Boston College  
* John O'Commor, Boston College  
* Jennifer Eustis, UConn  
* Amanda Lehman, University of Wyoming  
* Aaron Coburn, Amherst College  
* Johanna Radding, Amherst College  
* Kate Gerrity, Amherst College  
* Robin naughton, The New York Academy of Medicine Library  
* Wilhemia Randtke, Florida Virtual Campus  
* David, Keiser Clark
* Danny Lamb, Islandora  
* Diego Pino, METRO  
* Melissa Anez, Islandora  
* Rosie LeFaive, UPEI
* Yamil Suarez, Berklee College of Music

#### Agenda:
* Welcome and introductions
* Last meetings [notes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Meetings/2017_07_24.md)
* Discussion: 
     * Homework Discussion:
     * Main topic or Survey? 

#### Notes:
* Discussion last meeting with Amerhest College: Thank you again to the Amherst folks for discussing their project to migrating to linked data. This was very helpful.  
* Discussion on homework: This will be a labor intensive interest group. Work will be centered on use cases, understanding where the group is comfortable with the assumptions and requirements of mappings. We want to ask if everyone is fine with homework? We don't want to assign things that are overwhelming. Rather, homework will aim to help people get a better foundation and preparation for mapping MODS to RDF.  
* Observations on the Hydra/Samvera Metadata Interest Group: [Link](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/hydra/MODS+and+RDF+Descriptive+Metadata+Subgroup) to old page. [Link](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/samvera/Samvera+Metadata+Interest+Group) to new Samvera page. The Samvera MIG is finishing their mapping. They have put up links to specific documents. For example, [MODS Table of Contents to RDF](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fYhdaFpr32rkPrFQtnkSJSq8jOi81xTal2KBMuzWym0/edit#gid=0). We are presenting this work from Samvera as a target format. Are spreadsheets the right way to go for our Islandora MIG? Spreadsheets are a good way to go. However, there are also project tools such as [Trello](https://trello.com/), [Airtable](airtable.com), or [Favro](https://www.favro.com/). Robin will take one of Samvera's spreadsheets and convert it to a Trello board to provide an illustration of this tool. If there are no objections, Rosie will make some Islandora spreadsheets based on the Samvera ones.

Question: It looks like the Samvera group is borrowing from a lot of vocabularies. They went with other predicates such as dc.terms subjects. They also implement custom minting which means you'll have to create a custom uri for this, as seen with subjects. In other words, each institution has to create a linked data uri. Why did the Samvera MIG do this custom minting instead of relying on existing vocabularies? It could be that they did this to have "not so" blank nodes. The subjects are like their own nodes and are all SKOS concepts.

Question: Are you proposing that we use their model and mapping approach? No. We don't have to rely on Samvera's choice of predicates or their custom minting. We are just using their work as a guide to help us get started.  

Question: Would we use the same column structure and breakdown as the Samver spreadsheets? Yes, we were going to use the headings from the Samvera group.  

* Goals of the mapping: What are our assumptions and the goals of the mapping? We definitely need to compile a list of assumptions. The Samvera MIG mapping is very liberal. Their mapping also serves their community's and technical purposes. Diego isn't sure that we want to follow this mapping too closely because of this software dependence. Samvera's mapping resembles more an application profile rather than a one to one mapping. Diego believes we should make our mapping simplier, less software dependent, and more standard. We need to ensure that we can create a mapping that can be solved and worked on by other people. The Samvera MIG made their own decisions with their mapping that we don't have to follow. For example, they use [opaque namespaces](http://opaquenamespace.org/vocabularies). We could also rely more on BIBFRAME. We shouldn't be inventing the wheel for ontologies and vocabularies, especially as these are already available. Again, the Samvera's work is a reference.  
* Blank nodes: Can we implement blank nodes? Everything that is ingested needs some sort of uri and therefore isn't a blank node. We would be creating resources in our Fedora and have these blank nodes made into objects. In short, we're going to treat predicates and subjects differently. We could include our own predicates and subjects when necessary as long as the type matches the rdf types. Blank nodes are a particular problem with local names that aren't in national/international authority files. One idea is to put these authorities online, such as Wikidata. The only thing is that many institutions have a large number of local names. It would take resources to turn these local names into a format accepted by Wikidata and then maintain them.  
* Where to start?: What is a good starting point? We have a [survey](https://goo.gl/forms/eIVI9TSyaS9QVtBR2) that will help us determine this. We could start with an example MODS record and working with that to map to RDF. This is more concrete. We could use the Islandora MIG wiki to create use cases.

#### Group Business Notes:
* Homework will stay the same
* Share your MODS and other relevant datastreams in our folder on [Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0BzZjDmH6f51aeVBxT241aHRnbUk)
* We will meet in 2 weeks--on August 21?  (Amanda will not be available).
