## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, Monday, Oct. 16, 2017, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)
### 
---
* Chair:  Amanda Lehman
* Notetaker:    Rachel Tillay
* Announcements:    Rosie Le Faive


---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [Conference Call Information](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Conference-Call-Information)
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
---
#### Attending:
* Rachel Tillay
* Amanda Lehman
* Rosie Le Faive
* Mike Bolam
* Danny Lamb
* Johanna Radding
* Kate from Amherst
* Christine Bone


#### Agenda:
* Welcome and introductions
* Last meetings [notes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Meetings/2017_10_02.md)
* Discussion: 
     * DCTerms mapping
        * Trello board: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
        * Spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/a/upei.ca/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit?usp=drive_web
     * Mappings for [mods:subject](https://trello.com/c/p8PmbGR6/32-modssubject-topical)
     
#### Notes and Questions:
* irclog: http://irclogs.islandora.ca/2017-10-16.html
* revisted that we are working through DCTerms as an example and as part of keeping our options open, but we are not committing ourselves to any particular schema yet
* Samvera spreadsheet
  * mappings to DCsubjects seems to include custom mappings (mention of 456 in urls)
  * custom-minted column shows that geographic subjects get mapped into temporal, not into subject
  * if a compound subject has an authority, they can be handled differently
  * Christine: some library systems have trouble validating the first part of a string on its own, so that's why the loc id authorities sometimes exist with multiple subdivisions included--they're "dummy records" and can be distinguished with 667 fields
  * uris for compound subjects make mapping easier, but they make dividing out the subdivisions impractical and they're unlikely to exist for many of our terms
  * how does the system know what pieces are additions to existing subjects, and which are new subjects? (possibly the siteurl.com/dplasubject/789?)
  * Samvera is basing mappings off the idea of subjects with multiple subdivisions, but that seems like an outdated way of describing items...how else could we maintain the context of the subject terms if we didn't want to use these mass/combination terms?
  * Christine: losing context with the subdivisions if we separate the terms is a long-standing debate; we have to choose between facets and context
  * geographical and genre subdivisions of topics might be easier or better to break out than topical subdivisions
  * Mike: We could add uris at subdivision levels in MODS (if that became important to prepare for mapping).
  

#### Homework: 
* Take a look at your institutions [mods:]() and come ready to discuss subject and maybe even the rabbit-like subelements.
* Make a contribution to this or any other card. 
