## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, Monday, Nov. 27, 2017, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)
### 
---
* Announcements: N/A (oops)
* Chair: Rosie LeFaive
* Notetaker: Rachel Tillay  

---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [Conference Call Information](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Conference-Call-Information)
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
---

#### Attending:
* Rachel Tillay
* Mike Bolam
* Gabby
* Amanda Lehman
* Rosie LeFaive

#### Agenda:
* Welcome
* General business
* Review Notes from last MIG meeting and the CLAW meeting
* Disucss [mods:note](https://trello.com/c/BDRishWv) mappings

#### Notes and Questions:
* Welcome
* General business
     * Amanda Lehman stepping down as co-convener, but will be attending calls when possible. Thanks for all your service! 
     * Mike is willing to step in as a third co-convener
     * Announcements are useful and the group requests we continue to put them out
* Review Notes from last MIG meeting and the CLAW meeting
     * Last MIG meeting [notes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Meetings/2017_11_13.md) also covers the CLAW meeting
     * Will we use URIs for everything? Titles? 
     * Rights statements? (rights statement.org and Creative Commons already have URIs for theirs)
* Discuss technical metadata mapping
     * These may already be triples and they may relate to the binaries rather than the descriptive metadata file
     * This is a question for the CLAW group
     * Would it be possible to map existing technical data (like CONTENTdm data or other platforms) to the technical fields in Islandora
* Disucss [mods:note](https://trello.com/c/BDRishWv) mappings
     * According to official LC Mods-DC mapping, abstract, content and notes all go to DC Description and we could use that for a general catch-all, but there are more options in DC terms (http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/)
     * Samvera uses DC 11 to refer to simple Dublin Core, but DC to refer to DC terms--we need a thesaurus of terms (Rachel will create one in the Trello board)
     * This is particularly complicated because notes can include so many things, and we have all created a number of types of notes, including some that reference MARC 5xx fields or EAD.
     * Most of the issues we're running into in this conversation relate to trying to find a mapping that will work for both catalog-like records and finding-aid-like records. Do we need to find a solution for both, or can we do an end-run around this problem by creating mappings for two types of objects?
* Long-term goals:
     * What RDF triples are being used for EAD? How does EAC-CPF fit into this?
     * What would it look like if we mapped a finding-aid like MODS record to RDF triples set up for EAD?
      * Amanda provided the following finding aids, created by archivists and which may soon be migrated from Luna to either DSpace or Islandora: https://rmoa.unm.edu/docviewer.php?docId=wyu-ah12679.xml
      * Possible example of an institution doing this mapping: http://blogs.sussex.ac.uk/salda/2011/07/25/converting-ead-data-to-rdf-linked-data/
     * What would it look like if we mapped a catalog-like MODS record to BIBFRAME?
#### Homework: 
* Review previous mappings for title, name, typeOfResource, genre, and subject through the new lense of creating URIs for basically everything
* Next meeting is Dec 11
