## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, June 12, 2017, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair: Jennifer Eustis 
* Notetaker: Amanda Lehman 
* New CoConvenor: Rosie Le Faive
---

#### Join on SKYPE.  
* Email us your Skype name to always be on the call.
* [Join Skype Call](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o): [https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o)
* Join us on Github: Add your name to our Participants List.
---

#### Agenda:
* Welcome and introductions
  * Welcome all! 
* Announcements:  
  * Join the RDFaissance discussion
* Discussion: 
  * MODS and RDF, a love story.
  * Shall we move to the Conference line for future calls?

#### Notes:

The growing group caused some tech challenges with skype, so Danny suggested that we use the Islandora conference line, many folks supported the idea.  We will update our agendas to reflect this and send out a message.

RDFaissance - 
Background: Currently we have blobs of XML in Islandora which complicates search and editing.  Migration is a challenge in this.  How do we get there?

We would like to:
* -Create common MODS elements in Islandora-
* Collect common concepts for describing objects in Islandora, organized by type for now. 
* Map existing MODS elements to RDF.
* provide ways to customize mappings that are standard and easily implemented.  
  we will be depending on your existing knowledge of RDF, please help this process.

Feedback: Mark Jordan suggested gathering Use Cases - Rosie suggested a simple approach to MODS creation without customization, following some standard for MODS in their institution.  
Minor customizations, almost everyone will have small customizations.  

Danny suggests getting close enough, and then providing the standard way to customize accross different instututions so 1. we aren't reinventing wheels, 2, this gets easier in the future and our data is recognizeable and useable in the wider semantic landscape. 

Jennifer made a good point that originally incorrect metadata and other cleanup will still be on each institution.  

Betsy brought up some great points: 
* Samvera/Hydra work
* LOC work
* MODS to Bibframe RDF instead of MODS which may become outdated.

Jennifer, we will definitely be working with the Samvera group, we'll have them in to talk as well as they have warned us.

Rosie supported using MODS for the flexibility over Bibframe for now with various materials outside of classic libraries.  We may have the BIBframe genius Jeremy Nelson in to discuss his work mapping Islandora MODS at Colorado College.

Evan discussed his institution's choice to have personal mappings with good documentation and group work that would finalize their mapping in Samvera.  Jennifer asked for future input and details from the Samvera working group.

Aaron Coburn brought it back to the basics of description, encouraging folks to step out of focusing on <mods:title> type element by element mapping, and instead starting with conceptual shift to look at what your resources are and how you want to represent descriptions of these resources.  
* example: Bibframe is great for libraries - shelf location, cataloging language, not necessarily for the "title" of the object - Rather than saying MODS to RDF - try to focus on resources which are currently described by MODS, how can we best describe them in the RDF linked data context.  

Shared concepts in Islandora might change our plan to gather common concepts maybe organized by content model.  Typical organization of concepts. Mark added that current content model like PDF is different from a "type" as it is a file format...
Danny adds that description of datastreams will be in this as well, so more complexity is added.  

Upcoming Discussion Ideas:
* Samvera Working Group work with MODS to RDF
* Jeremy Nelson's work with BIBFRAME
* Discussion of "Types" in CLAW
* Skills to create custom mapping in CLAW
* Homework: MODS Show & Tell 

TidBits: 
* This will hopefully provide more flexibility in our description of unconventional objects.  
We might break up your existing descriptions - again, map the concepts insetad of the elements.  

House Keeping: 
* Frequency of meetings - will monthly meetings keep us on track?  We will begin to meet every 2 weeks.  6/12 and 6/26, 7/10 and 7/24.  
* Homework will help us maintain momentum.

#### Next meeting: Introduction from Amherst College Core Group, Eben English from BPL and the Hydra MODS to RDF working group will join us next month.

#### Homework: Review - Introduction to Samvera Collaboration document.  [Hydra MODS to RDF pages](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/hydra/MODS+and+RDF+Descriptive+Metadata+Subgroup)
