## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, August 21, 2017, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair:  Jennifer Eustis
* Notetaker:  Jennifer Eustis  
* Annoucements: Rosie LeFaive

---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [[Conference Call Information]]
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
---
#### Attending:
* Bethany Seeger, Amherst College  
* Aaron Coburn, Amherst College  
* Rachel Tillay, Tulane University  
* Rosie Le Faive, UPEI  
* Jordan Fields, Marmot Library Network  
* Martha Tenney, Barnard College  
* Lisa McFall, Hamilton College  
* Audrey Lorberfeld, New York Academy of Medicine  
* John Kearney, Boston College  
* Chris Mayo, Boston College  
* Kim Pham, University of Toronto

#### Agenda:
* Welcome and introductions
     * Amanda send her regrets
* Last meetings [notes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2017_08_07.md)
* Discussion: 
     * Trello Board
     * Survey Discussion:  
     
#### Notes:
* Welcome and introductions  
* No comments on last meeting notes.  
* Trello board: Rachel created a [Trello Board](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/wiki/MIG-MODS-to-RDF-Working-Documents). She experimented with accessCondition based on the Samvera Working Group spreadsheet for [accessCondition](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ViQi-jf-Qf8Mmm8JI1h8ztnl5pzcEhiOmcmXgzRd9dg/edit?usp=sharing). This is just an example of a different way to do these mappings. The main difficulty was to try to figure out what use case was and how they were different. What is nice about Trello is that the mappings can be side by side. Trello offers the option of inserting due dates, comments, check lists. Trello might not be the best tool. We encourage everyone to have a look and see how they like the board.  
* [Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeyhaNWq-uxGzNI3ndqdrCVOyyn05C1ZNMXaOw41_P_ZDtF_Q/viewform): 19 responded to the survey. [MiG RDF Survey (Responses).xlsx](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/files/1239815/MiG.RDF.Survey.Responses.xlsx)
* Next meeting will be on the 11th instead of Labor Day 9/4. Annoucements will be sent out.

#### Questions:
* Trello Board: Can you export? Yes, you can print or export in json format. 
Is this more readable than Goodle Docs? The one advantage is that this board is publicly available and you can view mappings side by side. Instead of 20 spreadsheets, you would just have this one board.
Does this allow for a detailed view rather thant the whole picture? What's nice about the spreadsheets is that you could get the big picture which is helpful. Details in Trello are hiding within the card.  
* Should we be asking different questions for the survey? It seems that we might need an additional survey with some more questions.

#### Group Business Notes:
* Homework will stay the same
* A place to share 2-5 MODS files will be created for us to contribute representative records for our collections
     * This will be an option for sharing use cases for necessary customizations as well.
     * https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0BzZjDmH6f51aeVBxT241aHRnbUk?ths=true (Remember to right-click the name and "Add to My Drive" if you want to find it (outside of these notes) in your drive).  
* We will meet in 2 weeks--on September 4th.
* Some of the leadership in the group may be leaving, so consider this a preliminary call for openings.
