## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, March 13, 2017, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair: Jennifer Eustis
* Notetaker: Amanda Lehman  

---

#### Join on SKYPE.  
* Email us your Skype name to always be on the call.
* [Join Skype Call](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o): [https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o)

---

#### Agenda and Notes:
* Welcome and introductions
* Announcements:  
** HMIG Demo: [Avalon MODS to RDF](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/hydra/HMIG+Demo+-+Avalon+MODS+to+RDF)  
** Hydra MODS to RDF Wiki and [Links to documents](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/hydra/MODS+and+RDF+Descriptive+Metadata+Subgroup)  
* Discussion  
** Planning for MODS to RDF Mapping in Islandora
** (With time) Survey for Tools Use Cases Document (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Qkg05bPLZstU95b6N7nTdlzu7CDpZymTGFJlEcmhAgA/edit)
* Subgroup reports  
* Other business
