## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, July 10, 2017, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* This meeting was originally scheduled for June 26, but was postponed.
* Chair:  Amanda Lehman
* Notetaker: Rosie Le Faive 
* Announcements: Jennifer Eustis
---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [[Conference Call Information]]
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
---

#### Agenda:
* Welcome and introductions  
* Last meetings [notes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Meetings/2017_06_12.md)
* Discussion: 
  * Eben English will share their process with Samvera/Hydra Mods to RDF Group as well as his experience with this at BPL. 
  * Homework: Reviewing the [Hydra MODS to RDF working documentation](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/hydra/MODS+and+RDF+Descriptive+Metadata+Subgroup).
  * Understanding RDF  
  * Create a list of concepts: What do we mean by concepts? 
* Looking forward: At a future date, we will discuss: What did you learn from going to MODS to RDF? lead by Amherst College: Aaron Coburn, Beethany Seeger, Sarah Walden McGowan, Johanna Radding

#### Notes:
