## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, October 29, 2018, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair:  Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Rosie Le Faive
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
* [Principles and Requirements document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit?usp=sharing)
* Mapping Spreadsheet [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* Worked Examples [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
---

#### Attending:
* 

### Agenda:

1. Announcements
   1. Islandoracon?
1. What will our Deliverables look like? 
   1. What does a mapping look like?
   1. Does the mapping need to be human- or machine- readable?
   1. Will our Mapping be accompanied by a "content type" in Drupal with its fields set up?
   1. How thoroughly are we expecting to cover all uses of MODS as part of "the mapping"
   1. What is our suggestion for non-XSLT customization of the mapping?
   1. Timeline?

1. Provenance Meta(meta)data (e.g. recordInfo)
       
1. Still in the air? mods/originInfo/frequency map to rdau:frequency

1. Still in the air? mods/originInfo/issuance map to rdau:modeOfIssuance

1. Subjects
   1. Should we mint them all? 
   

### Notes:

### Next meeting:
1. November 5, 2018: 
   * Subjects cont.
   * Notes, description
  
