
## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, January 22, 2018, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)
### 
---
* Announcements: Rachel Tillay
* Chair: Rosie
* Notetaker: Rachel Tillay
---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [Conference Call Information](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Conference-Call-Information)
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
  
#### Working Documents:
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
---

#### Attending:
* Les Moor (U. Manitoba)
* Christine Bone (U. Manitoba)
* Robin Naughton (New York Academy of Medicine)
* Rebecca Filner (New York Academy of Medicine)
* Matthew Miguez (Florida State Univeristy)
* Danny Lamb (Islandora)

#### Agenda:
1. Welcome and Announcements (apologies from Rachel)
2. News from MODS land
     * there's a brand spanking new MODS to bibframe mapping (in an excel spreadsheet)[https://www.loc.gov/standards/mods/mods-conversions.html]
     * there's a link to a (BF2 Editor)[http://bibframe.org/bibliomata/bfe/development.html#], that works slightly better than the BF1 editor we looked at last meeting 
     * the MODS Editorial Committee invited me to join their call on Wednesday, February 7th 
     * MODS 3.7 is out!
     * The MODS RDF initiative seems to be still active
3. Resume MODS to Bibframe mapping discussion
     * Began with reviewing spreadsheet
     * Work, Instance, Item? Which are our MODS records?
     * Conceptual discussion of the record...how to describe how the digital object relates to the metadata we're providing
     * Can we create 4 "webs" from each records? One work, one instance, and two item records?
     * Should they be two instances or two items?
     
4. Europeana Data Model/DPLA
     * Similar issues to DC
     * Meant for hubs for metadata
     * Doesn't describe at the level we are trying to map (individual items)
     
5. MODS/BIBFRAME community connection
     * Rosie is collaborating with them
     * "1 volume, unpaged" would these nodes be shared between every single, unpaged volume?
     * Would titles be shared, even if the two items had nothing to do with each other
     * How do digital items fit into BIBFRAME's focus on bibliographic items
