## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, November 12, 2018, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rachel Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
* [Principles and Requirements document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit?usp=sharing)
* Mapping Spreadsheet [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* Worked Examples [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
---

#### Attending:
* Rachel Tillay
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie Le Faive
* Gabi Gulya
* Lisa McFall
* Itza Carbajal
* Johanna Radding

### Agenda:
1. Announcements
1. Mapping Subjects

### Notes:
1. Announcements
  2. Islandora Con - Is there anything the MIG would want to present? Start thinking about it soon.
1. Mapping Subjects
  2. Cartographics (postpone until we investigate maps)
  2. Geographic Code
    3. Authorities - marcgac, marccountry, iso 3166
    1. Mapping to dc.terms.spatial 
  1. Geographic
    1. We will need to be minting new stuff. Similar to what we do with names - mint all and link to existing names, if possible.
    1. Can we mint ids, then remove the minted id when a better "standard" version is available (rather than just linking to it).
  1. Hierarchical Geographic
    1. Flatten for now (non-flattened for Advanced mapping).
    1. Wrap each subelement in <mods:geographic>. Treat like Geographic
  1. Temporal
1. Oh no! This all just got really messy! We might need to table some of this for future meetings.
  1. Called the meeting early so folks could look at what has already been done in this area.

### Next meeting:
1. November 26, 2018: 
   * Subjects continued
   * Notes, description
