## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, April 16, 2018, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)
### 
---
* Chair: Rachel Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [Conference Call Information](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Conference-Call-Information)
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
  
#### Working Documents:
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
* [Principles and Requirements document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit?usp=sharing)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam - notetaker (Pitt)
* Rosie Le Faive (UPEI)
* Rachel Tillay - chair (Tulane)
* Wilhelmina Randtke  (Florida Virtual Campus)
* Danny Lamb (Islandora Foundation)
* Robin Naughton (New York Academy of Medicine Library)
* Kate Gerrity
* Paige Morfitt (Whitman College)
* Gabi Gulya (Pitt)

#### Agenda:
* Welcome and Announcements
* Rosie provided a link to the “Samvera MODS to RDF Working Group: MODS to RDF Mapping Recommendations” -- 
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ffCyIirUkESLefBehafbacsLb_Rq7KJbTxxeoQCyLpw/edit?usp=sharing
* Danny's tough question: Taxonomy Terms - Inherent to a type - Does a taxonomy need to be a field (e.g. hasTags) or does it need to be defined as an RDF type?
    * It depends -- And then down the rabbit hole!
    * Content models from 7x are slippery eels - we have them as objects in 7x, but they aren’t shared or defined globally. Do we want an URI for these? 
    * We are conflating mime type (e.g. these mime types are basic image; do this with them). Could solve by describing the type of file/functionality, instead of types of documents it was intended to value.
    * Rachel -- Split the content from the desired functionality. (Serial type with video as an option - for example a TV series).
    * Could use ontologies that already exist -- e.g. RDF ContentType vs ContainerType
    * How to handle this in Schema.org? e.g. Metadata is a schema.org “article” that describes the “object” that is a “book”.
    * Danny will ruminate on this and come back -- “Here’s where I’m at! How crazy is this??”
* Continue to work on the MODS XML to Islandora RDF mapping
    * Will refer to the principles and requirements document as needed as we move throw this process -- can be used to keep us on track and resolve disagreements (https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit) 
    * Work done on the Trello board, https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/mods-rdf-mapping-for-islandora-mig 
    * Working on mods:name in Trello. https://trello.com/c/HkXEzgYv 
        * some names have existing URIs; some will not
        * we may have more info in MODS than the URI (birth and death dates)
        * some will have roles, others will not
        * not every role will have a mapping to a known ontology, so we'll need to develop some particular set or option for unknown value
        * attributes like name type or namepart type may exist; these attributes currently may alter how the name is displayed

#### For next time:
* Review the Samvera MODS to RDF Working Group: MODS to RDF Mapping Recommendations, particularly the introductory background information and the mappings we’ve review (mods:title & mods:name)  -- https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ffCyIirUkESLefBehafbacsLb_Rq7KJbTxxeoQCyLpw/edit?usp=sharing 

