## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, March 19, 2018, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)
### 
---
* Chair: Rosie LeFaive
* Notetaker: Rachel Tillay
---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [Conference Call Information](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Conference-Call-Information)
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
  
#### Working Documents:
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
---

#### Attending:
* Rosie LeFaive
* Rachel Tillay
* Mark Jordan
* Gabi Gulya
* Danny Lamb
* Robin Naughton
* Jennifer Radding
* Jonathan Gee

#### Agenda:
* Welcome and Announcements

* Discussion of MODS XML as a solution (Mark J)
     * Should we stick wtih MODS XML?
     * We could continue with a mapping exercise to data we have to Drupal nodes, and keep the MODS file as a binary resource and search/index on that.
     * This depends on an XML forms module, an example of which Diego has created for 7.2(?) which may allow us to jump this hurdle.
     * The showstopper in the past was the lack of the XML form builder. Since this has been fixed, should we re-examine?
     * Wouldn't need to be exclusive. Some elements could be mapped to RDF, but all elements wouldn't need to be.
     * This could complicate the front-end display of metadata. We were expecting the nodes to work well with the RDF, but if most of the data is in MODS, there will be limitations.
     * Danny: If you keep your metadata in XML, you will miss out on all the new stuff you get for free in CLAW.
     * However, there is a middle ground that would allow you to use a node as a holder for your file that holds the metadata. Examples: ORE and EDM. This would still require some additions/smoothing over that don't currently exist.
     * Jonathan: Using XML as our storage format for data was a mistake, so this is an opportunity to move away from XML
     * Mark Jordan: Not all the data in extension in our MODS is technical metadata, it is all the metadata pulled from CONTENTdm...structural metadata, data that forms PIDS, data that helps track migration from CONTENTdm to Islandora, etc. (provenance metadata)
     * Rachel: agree that we need a way to store this kind of data, but while it may not belong in RDF, and some of us have the data in MODS and some in FITS, I don't know if we want to stick with MODS just to satisfy this particular need.
     * Jonathan?: Metadata node option is worth exploring. Having both is appealing. But non-destructively updating the metadata on that node seems like an un-addressed challenge.
     * Danny: we need to have something that can take in metadata from other arbitrary XML languages, not just MODS, even though it's the most common.
     * ???: We need something that will output XML or a variety of schema on request, for OAIPMH, and other reuse options.
     * Robin: We need something flexible enough to take XML, store it, and then return it in various formats.
     * Left open-ended: Discuss further after the group has time to research?
     * What if when you migrate into CLAW, it creates a sensible map to RDF, but saves the MODS? So, most of your stuff would be in RDF/Drupal nodes, but your MODS is there if you need to map more stuff or just return to view the MODS later. To edit you would have to download and then re-upload, so this would not be how you'd make the majority of your changes. Mark says this solves his problem as well. 
     
* Review and discuss principles and requirements document (https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit?usp=sharing)
    * We addressed the fact that this exists, but we weren't able to discuss much.

* Begin assessment of mapping work thus far through the lense of the principles and requirements
    * This is going to be moved to next week.

#### For next time:
* Add any MODS examples that you would like the mapping to consider to this folder: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0BzZjDmH6f51aeVBxT241aHRnbUk?ths=true
* Review and edit the principles and requirements document (https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit?usp=sharing)
