## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, March 11, 2019, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rosie LeFaive
* Notetaker: Rachel Tillay

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
* [Principles and Requirements document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit?usp=sharing)
* Mapping Spreadsheet [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* Worked Examples [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Rosie LeFaive (Chair)
* Rachel Tillay (Notes)
* Kate Gerrity
* Melissa Anez
* Lisa McFall
* Johanna Radding

### Agenda:
* Announcments
  * [Islandora 8.0 Sprint](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wI_K5Y0XJSIBXoJ84VxObcy8TT07TuypIE_P3C0rnzU/edit#gid=0)
* Review [Draft Recommendations Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit?usp=sharing) and [MODS Name Conumdrum](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OR5sis2QUVOxmf2hHq3Zsuidt06rMs5F92Pn6nprg1k/edit?usp=sharing)
* Share and discuss current documentation and desired documentation for migration
* Currently do not have mapping for form
  * Can we put the Dcterms:format reconciling against mimetype on the media instead of the object?
  * That frees up dcterms:format on the object for use for MODS:form; we will continue to recommend reconciling against another vocabulary.
  
* We'll map language to language.
* We considered mapping classification based on the authority attributes (lcc to dbpedia lcc), but we decided to use dc elements: subject instead for all. Differentiation is possible in the complex mapping.
* Genre: also map to dcterms:type, but map to different fields and reconcile against different vocabularies
* Physical location elements will be examined one by one. Requested fields: physicalLocation (one for authority="oclcorg' and one for just a string, shelfLocator, and url subelements, subLocation element also requested

Next meeting:
* March 25
