## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, July 15, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Charlie Tillay
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Charlie Tillay
* 


### Agenda:
* Announcements
* The Documents - Evaluating where we are and where we want to go next.
  * [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
  * [Draft Visualization](Tools/Islandora RDF Mapping.jpg)

### Minutes:
* Announcements
 * 
* The Documents - Continued review.
 * Review computerized visualization of the mapping.
 * Discuss alternative for extent
 * Discuss creating maps for 2-3 specific MODS documents: which does the group most need to see? Simple Image? Thesis?
 
### Next meeting:
* August 12
