## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, April 8, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Rachel Tillay 

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Rachel Tillay
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie LeFaive
* Angelina Spotts
* Chris Day
* Itza Carbajal
* Lisa McFall
* Michael Kemezis
* Paige Morfitt
* Sarah Lippincott
* Danny Lamb

### Agenda:
* Announcments
  * [Islandora Community Code of Conduct Survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1qOwGvTlB-8DdoMs1eQ-aGCdaNSifTKXzB7Klj620v5k)
  * [Testing Sprint](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s5GCs9zrJsXevOulyRehpC-wdn4ShOVvEeaHDN_A2eo/edit?usp=sharing) scheduled for April 15-26
* Continue Mapping of highlighted fields in [Simplified Mapping Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
  * Discuss goals: Location, Record Info, and Part
  * When attempting to draft mappings for these fields, the Co-Convener group frequently found that we were okay with certain fields
  being left simple in this initial mapping, but that we are hoping for more explicit direction in a Metadata Application Profile. 
  We'd like input from the group on this idea taking the place of some of the options in holdingSimple, holdingExternal, shelfLocator,
  and relatedItem. Specifically, rather than mapping data from these fields, creating a standard that says data about who owns a 
  collection and where it is located (including collection URLs, Finding Aids of parent archival collections, OCLC symbols, etc.) 
  should be mapped to particular fields (without having expectations about which fields it is coming from (because many of us put them in different locations in MODS).
  * Problem example arose: (and has been discussed previously: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1758?jql=text%20~%20%22scholar%20part%22)
  ```
  
  <mods>
    <titleInfo>
      <title>Anne Goes To School</title>
    </titleInfo>
    <relatedItem type=“host”>
      <titleInfo><title>Anne of Green Gables<title></titleInfo>
      <part>Chapter 1</part>
    </relatedItem>
  </mods>
 
 * List continued:
   * Optional solution: rework your metadata to include <part>Chapter 1</part> as <partName> within the title of the primary object,
  and only describe its relationship to the host (not to parts of the host).
   * Optional solution: We create a different mapping for relatedItem part than for MODS part?

### Minutes:
* How are Location, Record Info, and Part being used?
  * Mike Kemezis: filtering on location/ownership is happening in Connecticut Digital Library
  * Mike Bolam: currently using name with type/role to describe
  * Florida Digital Library is using much of this information inside a wrapper (Florida that I mentioned earlier: https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/islandora_ingest_forms/blob/main/MODS/FSU%20Full%20MODS%20form.xml
Uses the FLVC namespace and elements to select possible institutions contributing.)
  * Rosie LeFaive: only use it when it mapped from MARC, except Location URL which is used for URI-like data
  * We may be comfortable not mapping most of these elements, or only mapping them very simply. We made need to revist once we've created the Metadata Application Profile for these elements.
* Part
  * [Mods:part](https://www.loc.gov/standards/mods/userguide/part.html)
  * Often used in Scholar to talk about citations, and has been used wrong in the shipped forms (https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1758).
  * Example using a journal: https://paste.ofcode.org/RzUnZj37eBsPUvcBdvKGmK
  * Perhaps this can be handled with a MAP as well by deciding how those parts of related items should be described, and allow users to decide which mapping they should use?
  * We plan to mint objects for each related item and also create strings that concatenate the data in the related object fields into one field.
  * We also plan to explore methods of de-duplication of minted objects (possibly borrowing from known cataloging workflows).
  
### Next meeting:
* April 16
