## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, June 3, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rosie LeFaive
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie Le Faive
* Melissa Anez
* Gabi Gulya
* Itza Carbajal
* Johanna Radding
* Kate Gerrity
* Meredith Hale
* Paige Morfitt
* 


### Agenda:
* Announcments
  * Survey Update: http://tulane.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_5h9FEY84BRbbdeR
* The Documents - Continued review.
  * [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
 
### Minutes:
* Announcments
 * Tabled for Tillay. 
* The Documents - Continued review.
 * Apologies that is isn't "done". It's been messy and weird. Finding new problems when writing up old decisions.
 * It's been difficult to mimic even simple standards, like Dublin Core, in Drupal. We're trying to get it right!
 * MODS - Some things have URIs, some things don't. Not ideal for modeling in Drupal.
* Issue one (Following the rules of our vocabularies):
 * Some extra weird examples: dcterms:extent [Requires Non-Literals](http://www.dublincore.org/resources/userguide/publishing_metadata/#dcterms:extent). End up having to use a blank node or something.
 * Islandora 8 will let us break this rule (requires non-literal), but do we want to do that?
 * Rosie will chat with Danny to see what can be done.
* Question to Itza - Do you have you Islandora Claw Fedora exposed, or is locked down for internal use? First goal is to use what is already in the package. Have some human rights data, so there are concerns about how they can control access to specific locations. 
* Issue two (Logging what we lost):
 * Identifying where using this kind of data model incur data loss - Is it worth it? Consensus says yes.
 * Develop a log that records this? Talk to the programmers about getting this into Migrate 7x Claw tools. 
* Type of Resource Discussion
 * Use the MODS 3.6 vocab filtered through MARC Resource Types, log those that don't fit. Assumption that most MODS will be using the 3.6 MODS:typeOfResource
* Names Discussion
 * What we have is all sub-categories/refinements of Name
 * Presentation potential challenges - Publisher, for example, is lumped in with all of the other contributors (related names). Displaying it differently from them the others might be a challenge. Might have to do some coding.
* Date Discussion
 * Other date - why did we use dc.date instead of dcterms.date? Modify to match the others and use dcterms.date
 * Publisher place - Having both options don't match with what we've been doing. Also hard to reconcile, because place names change. Sometimes the historical name matters, sometimes the modern name matters. Sometimes they both matter. How to reconcile, if possible at all?
 * Leave "as is" for now, while allowing for others to extend metadata profile to whatever it needs to be.
* Cartographic Coordinates Discussion
 * Drupal has a field geolocation, that requires more php plug-ins. Probably more functional that what we're listing in the documentation.
* Might be helpful to keep eyes towards big picture focus. 
 
### Next meeting:
* June 17
