## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, June 17, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: RM Tillay
* Notetaker: Rosie LeFaive

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie Le Faive
* Melissa Anez
* Gabi Gulya
* Itza Carbajal
* Johanna Radding
* Kate Gerrity
* Meredith Hale
* Paige Morfitt


### Agenda:
* Announcments
  * Survey Update: http://tulane.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_5h9FEY84BRbbdeR
* The Documents - Continued review.
  * [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
 
### Minutes:
* Announcments
  * Ramping up to IslandoraCon
* The Documents - Continued review.
  * Apologies that is isn't "done". It's been messy and weird. Finding new problems when writing up old decisions.
  * It's been difficult to mimic even simple standards, like Dublin Core, in Drupal. We're trying to get it right!
  * MODS - Some things have URIs, some things don't. Not ideal for modeling in Drupal.
* Working on creating consistency: consistency in the mapping, consistency in the documentation
 
### Next meeting:
* July 1
