## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, May 6, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rachel Tillay
* Notetaker: Rosie Le Faive 

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Melissa Anez
* Rachel Tillay
* Danny Lamb
* Mike Bolam
* Gabi Gulya
* Paige Morfitt


### Agenda:
* Announcments
  * Survey : http://tulane.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_5h9FEY84BRbbdeR
* The Documents
* Metadata Profile?

### Minutes:

* Recap of MODS part (in the Simplified Mapping spreadsheet)
  * mods/part subelements mapping biblographic citation stuff to bibo, http://bibliontology.com/ 
  * mods/part/detail/title will be appended to the title.
* 

### Next meeting:
* May 20
