## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, October 21, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Charlie Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie LeFaive
* Melissa Anez
* Gabi Gulya
* Sarah Lippinicott
* Seth Shaw
* Michelle Janowiecki
* Johnanna Radding
* ysuarez

### Agenda:
* Announcements
  * Islandora Slack has a Metadata Channel! - Join - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSewDLgTqnOpvMAj-dcZOKh0lNTgoogcaDaAyxYevanM1Yt9fA/viewform?usp=sf_link
* IslandoraCon Report and Review
* Starting the Demonstration of CSV Migration part 1

### Minutes:
* IslandoraCon Report
  * Charlie found that a lot of people are interested in how to get new metadata into Islandora. 
  * Seth appreciated the "Names" session - Happy to look into changing the way names work now to something that would work better for the community.
* CSV Migration
  * For better or worse, this was a "you kinda had to be there" meeting - I added a few notes about what we discussed.
  * One option that is already built into Islandora 8. Requires that you have CSV to start. Using some sample data from Charlie's institution.
  * Rosie started the demo of the tools, along with this notes sheet: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fFz9wL9A06L3EMvhQyRnKKAxEkk8B-sv668Jl80HPEQ/edit?usp=sharing
  * Moved into a review of the data, looking for inconsistencies
    * Questions about representing dates intervals / ranges / sets.
    * Discussion of subject headings and genres
  * Followed with mapping to our Islandora 8 proposed mappings
  * Walked through creating local mapping for csv
  * Tried installing the migration scenario and after some updating were still stuck.
  * We'll look into running another demo next meeting 

### Next meeting:
* Next meeting November 4
