## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, July 15, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Charlie Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Charlie Tillay
* Melissa Anez
* Danny Lamb
* Gabi Gulya
* Angeina Spotts
* Johanna Radding
* Kate Gerrity
* Lisa McFall
* Meredith Hall
* Paige Morfitt


### Agenda:
* Announcements
* The Documents - Evaluating where we are and where we want to go next.
  * [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)

### Minutes:
* Announcements
 * Rosie is out for a few weeks. We'll continue to have the meetings and the work.
 * Islandora 8 survey is closed - Melissa and Danny are crunching the numbers. Will report back at a future meeting.
* The Documents - Continued review.
 * Review Rosie's hand-drawn visualization of the mapping.
 * Discussion of DC terms that require literals - where it might not make a lot of sense. E.g. DC Terms Extent.
 * Names - The Return!
  * If we try to find an alternative to names - "Yes, it asks for a literal, but what are our other options". How do we handle it if we map names differently - if one has a literal and another doesn't.
  * Archives Space - handled names by creating a URI for every name in the system - plug-ins potentially help with deduping/mapping to other instances of the name.
  * We're thinking of doing something similar - all names get URI - Tools to merge as necessary. Tools to map to other vocabularies.
  * Clarifying - For some, like "extent", we're not going to mint - just go with string. For others, like "name", we are going to mint, so we have a URI.

### Next meeting:
* July 29
