## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, December 16, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Rosie LeFaive
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie LeFaive
* 

### Agenda:
* Announcements
  * Islandora Slack has a Metadata Channel! - Join - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSewDLgTqnOpvMAj-dcZOKh0lNTgoogcaDaAyxYevanM1Yt9fA/viewform?usp=sf_link
* What is a Metadata Application Profile (MAP)?
  * [DPLA's Metadata Application Profile](https://pro.dp.la/hubs/metadata-application-profile) (and introduction) 
  * [Houndstooth](https://github.com/samvera-labs/houndstooth/blob/master/m3.yml) (Samvera)
  * [PCDM Works Extension](https://github.com/duraspace/pcdm/blob/master/pcdm-ext/works.rdf)
* Discussion: Can we/Should we develop a "recommended" or "preferred" or "default" MAP for Islandora 8? 
  * Is this something that rises above "MIG recommends the following MAP"?
  * Do we want to define a Class (or Classes) that an Islandora resource node "is" ?
  
  
### Minutes:


### Next Meeting:
