## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, August 12, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Charlie Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie LeFaive
* Melissa Anez
* Gabi Gulya
* Angelina Spotts
* Danny Lamb
* Lisa McFall
* Merideth Hale

### Agenda:
* Announcements

* Reviewing the Visual Mapping with Examples
  * Image Example: [RDF](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Tools/image_MODS_mapping.jpg) | [XML](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Tools/MODS_Jonas_Salk_and_Jonathan_Salk.xml)
  * Thesis Example: [RDF](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Tools/Thesis%20Example.jpg) | [XML](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Tools/BostonCollegeThesisExample.xml)
  
* The Documents - Evaluating where we are and where we want to go next.
  * [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
  * [Draft Visualization](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/master/Tools/Islandora%20RDF%20Mapping.jpg)

### Minutes:
* Announcements
 * Islandora Slack - Join - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSewDLgTqnOpvMAj-dcZOKh0lNTgoogcaDaAyxYevanM1Yt9fA/viewform?usp=sf_link
 * Should the MIG have a Slack Channel there? Yes...And it is being set up now.
 
* Reviewing the Visual Mapping with Examples
 * Charlie and Mike reviewed their mappings from existing XML to the visual RDF. Mike found out that he missed some stuff as he talked through it. Charlie found most of it easy, but time consuming. 
 * mods:extension - EDTMS schema. Probably have to leave them to the individual institution to handle mapping
 * MARC Form? Add vocabulary?
 * Discussion on Spider Scribe vs other tools for visualize the data.
 * Looked at the W3C RDF Validator. https://www.w3.org/RDF/Validator/
 * Asked for comments on how things look so far? What to see next (besides IR article and book example)
 * Co-convenors are going to try "working in public" in MIG slack channel. Attendees invited to join in!
### Next meeting:
* August 26
