## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, January 14, 2019, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rachel Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* Trello: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
* [Principles and Requirements document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/19c58eqejuB3MhY-lS8o8QW0naM_R3GusD23aQ3dwusw/edit?usp=sharing)
* Mapping Spreadsheet [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* Worked Examples [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
---

#### Attending:
* Rachel Tillay (Chair)
* Michael Bolam (Notes)
* Rosie LeFaive
* Gabi Gulya
* Paige
* Heather Highfield
* Chris Day
* Seth Shaw
* Meredith Louise Hale
* Johanna Radding
* Lisa McFall
* Kate Gerrity
* Bryan J Brown
* Danny Lamb
* Melissa Anez
* Shay Foley


### Agenda:
1. Announcments
  1. Next meeting - January 28, 2019 - may be postponed for ALA Midwinter.
    1. Rosie will chair and recruit a notetaker.
1. CLAW metadata migration demonstration
  1. As it currently stands, not everything can be done via the GUI or other code. Migration will require writing some YAML
  1. Demonstration of migration by Rosie using Migrate 7x CLAW feature
  1. Caveat - there is some alignment that needs to happen. The process doesn't have the most up-to-date version of the [MODS to RDF conversion documents](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/migrate_islandora_csv) from Islandora Metadata Interest Group (MIG). Some obvious problems were identified during the demo.
  1. First part is identifying what you want. Second part is getting that stuff and turning them into fields. 
  1. If all components are XPATH'd out, you could reassemble as you see fit, for example to create a label
  1. Out of the box, it is set up to look at your basic image collection - if you have different collections that have different metadata structures, could potentially run a collection at a time, editing the ingest process/metadata stucture between them.
1. Review migration quality
  1. Some issues/missing stuff, based on quality of original data and some of the migration scripts.
1. Questions
  1. Some of the requirements and/or missing components require more feedback from MIG. How do we contribute to this work?
    1. Write a bunch of test cases to make sure everything works. Keeping working on it, and find what is and isn't working and provide that back to the coding group. Jump in the deep end with making changes/updates to the process. Goal is to get to something that kind of works for most people. Too much variance between orgs. Go back to our sample MODS document and find as many of the migration problems as we can and get them accounted for. The more we throw at it, the better.  

Next meeting:
1. January 28 - Work from [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1500472861) to fill in as many examples as we can.
