## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, September 23, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Rosie LeFaive
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie LeFaive
* Michelle Janowiecki

### Agenda:
* Announcements
  * Islandora Slack has a Metadata Channel! - Join - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSewDLgTqnOpvMAj-dcZOKh0lNTgoogcaDaAyxYevanM1Yt9fA/viewform?usp=sf_link
* Reviewing the Visual Mapping with Examples
* Continuing discussion: [What even IS Islandora 8?](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora/FOT2-wv-_jU) question posed by Rosie and work being done to resolve the question // Defining an Islandora Object!
* Finalizing the Initial Mapping Documentation

### Notes:

* Announcements
  * Slack is not super active... yet! 
  * C. Tillay and R. Le Faive are gonna talk about Names at Islandoracon
  * No meeting next time, because Con. Meetup?
* Following on the "What Even IS" discussion:
  * Islandora 8 is a very deconstructed system: no longer prescriptive.
  * But, like RDA, that can be intimidating when it means that alone, it's hard to use. (Sorry, and no shade to Danny!)
  * Tillay: can see why some decisions were made (like in RDA) but at least Islandora 8 isn't proprietary.
  * Maybe we need more supplementary docs, and consortial groups to come up with practices. While you can do anything with it, you have to figure out how to do "your" thing. [These were good points but I don't have an attribution]
  * Tillay: Like with RDA, where there's silence it's neither loathing nor agreement, but needing to see how it works out before making a judgement. We'll find the problems eventually!
  * M. Janowiecki:  We need to document the field types better! Including but not limited to: the name field. Will make ticket.
  * Meredith: Need to be able to get data out (in a serialized form). e.g. OAI? (requires two modules)
  * R. Le Faive: Trickier than expected to deviate from Islandora Defaults.
  * D. Lamb: Once you install Islandora Defaults it's yours to modify or crib off of. The defaults arent' expected to meet your use case.
  * Need for ongoing examples.
  * P. Moffett: Do we have PIDs anymore? 
  * (no. you can put your PID in a field, if you want, but it's neither permanent nor unique. We use the URI, more. Things in Drupal also have UUIDs but we tend to hide them from the user).
* Following up on how we get data out of XML and into Islandora 8:
  * We're still struggling with OpenRefine though JSON sometimes seems to work more reliably than XML (for repeated fields, especially)
  * Need more reliable tools? Custom tools? Do just a facet at a time?
  * Fundamentally different structures of XML, CSV, and RDF - see p. 16 of this: 
  
  
### Next meeting:
* No Meeting October 7 (Islandora Con)
* Next meeting October 21
