## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, November 30, 2020, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin & Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie Le Faive
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam
* Danny Lamb
* Melissa Anez
* Alex K.
* Rebel Cummings-Sauls


### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Technical Metadata Wrap-up (?)
    * Review notes from last meeting and decide on 3-4 solutions
    * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1umH-Ab14OepdljZnBrFPPf_hoo9557-7Qiacm2YImX0/edit?usp=sharing 
* Continuation of Communication and Communication Preferences Dsicussion
    * Describe a good collaborative experience you've had. What made that experience good?
    * Which Islandora communication channels have you used? What are your experiences?
    * What would you communicate to the developers?

### Notes
* Announcements
   * Another drop in meeting, including a preview of Islandora Workbench: https://islandora.ca/content/islandora-8-open-meeting-december-15th-2020
   * Islandora  Workbench: https://github.com/mjordan/islandora_workbench 
* Continuation of Communication and Communication Preferences Dsicussion using Technical Metadata Project as a Model
   * How to deal technical metadata document : https://docs.google.com/document/d/1umH-Ab14OepdljZnBrFPPf_hoo9557-7Qiacm2YImX0/edit?usp=sharing 
   * What are the next steps? 
      * How do we move it from a MIG document to an Islandora Document?
      * Make it part of the Islandora Documentation? 
      * Issue-ize it and metadata tag it? Can they be turned into issues?
      * Best way to turn it into issues?
         * Make it a high priority in a future tech call - people from this group join and help describe the problem
      * A and B seem pretty do-able; C sounds like something that could be built in a Sprint (MIG could sponsor it?); 
   * What makes it hard?
      * Changes to Islandora Defaults - It can be hard, but it depends on if it really is problematic. Conservative approach - Worried about messing others up. But we can fix it moving forward, and people can update as necessary. 
      * This leads into a much larger problem - workflow/people problem not technical problem. Fear around merging  before it is “perfect”. But if we merge, then it can be tested by users, not just developers. 
      * What are the rules for pushing and merging? Are they documented? How do we get the correct people involved. This document : https://islandora.github.io/documentation/contributing/contributing-workflow/ gives the basics, but probably needs to be updated to cover more of the people-related-problems.
   * How can we make it easier?
      * What about a VM or Isle install that would let users start to support by making it easier to review. Figure out how to get the Islandora Defaults to the users to allow them to enabl
   * Communication - How do we get involved in sprints? 
      * Set it up like an RFP to the community - “Hey would anyone be interested in helping us improve Islandora defaults?”
      * Get some feedback from the community, Islandora Foundation can back it, too.
      * What about getting proposals back from the developers? Provide feedback to the devs before the work starts to happen. Make the process more conversational if possible. It’s tough, but worth trying. 
      * Building wireframes to document the forms - we end up with what we have documented if we can make it visual. 
   * How to get consensus on the document we have?
      * It seems good, we think? But do we actually understand it as a group? Are we on the same page? Is it actually clear enough to share? 
         * Planning phase can help - Bring the developers and the proposers together pre-sprint to get everyone on the same page.
      * Use cases - can we put them together to provide better understanding. “I’m expecting X when I do Y. Is that possible? How does it happen?”
      * How much does anyone care about the rationale aka the “why” of the document?
         * The reason why we do it is important to us as metadata librarians, do the devs care? Does this make it make more sense? Or is it just noise to the devs?
         * The fully formed with the examples and the why, will help us to get to what we actually want. This can justify taking the path that takes a month to develop rather than the band-aid that can be completed in an hour or two…
   * Back to general communication discussion
      * Best Collaborative Experience
         * Using the agile methodology that used retrospectives. Spent 2.5 hours, then 2 hours, and so forth. Super useful to allow the team to discuss how communication failed and how to fix the problem. 
            * Might be harder at a larger scale - there were just a couple people involved. 
            * People were into the idea - and think it might be worth trying. Have done wrap-ups, but not this level of reflection.
            * Can be tough, because feelings can be involved.

### Next Meeting:
* December 14, 2020 (Final meeting of the year).
* Topics: 
