## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, December 16, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rosie Le Faive
* Notetaker: Charlie Tillay
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Rosie Le Faive
* Charlie Tillay
* Angelina Spotts
* Johnna Horton
* Gabi Gulya
* Alex Kent
* Lisa McFall
* Rod Bruce
* Melissa Anez
* Derek Merleaux
* Mike Bolam
* Simon Hai
* Seth Shaw

### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Discussion: Can we/Should we develop a "recommended" or "preferred" or "default" MAP for Islandora 8? 
  * Is this something that rises above "MIG recommends the following MAP"?
  * Do we want to define a Class (or Classes) that an Islandora resource node "is" ?
  * What other problems that arose during the creation of the mapping could a MAP solve?
  
### Minutes:
* Announcements
  * Islandora Camp at UPEI July 20-22 (https://islandora.ca/camps/icamppei)
  * ArchivesSpace controlled access terms is officially a Drupal project! https://www.drupal.org/project/archivesspace
* Metadata Application Profile discussion, part 2
  * Review of advantages and disadvantages
  * Invitation to discuss MAPs currently in use
   * MAP of a kind exists, but it's in the config files; we should probably write it into a document form.
   * DPLA contribution is done according to a MAP, MWDL is an example of a more specific MAP based on the DPLA map: https://github.com/mountainwestdl/mwdl-map/wiki/MWDL-Metadata-Application-Profile
   * Mike Bolam mentioned using MAPs, but not the kinds of actionable MAPs that are in development now.
   * Pitt and PEI representatives both described a tendency to put materials in without necessarily conforming to a MAP.
   * Variance of compliance to the MAPs that exist, depending on how the harvesting or creation of metadata was processed.
   * Alternative documentation: spreadsheet templates, metadata guidelines, basing collections on other example collections
  * What decisions do we want to make for Islandora?
   * Description of the decisions made in "default".
   * 

### Next Meeting:

January 27, 2020
