## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, August 24, 2020, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Mike Bolam
* Notetaker: Rosie Le Faive
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [NEW - Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie LeFaive
* Michelle Janoweicki
* Alex K.
* Gulya, Gabi
* Paige Morfitt
* Mandy Ryan
* Jocelyn Cozzo
* Melissa Anez
* Lisa McFall
* Nicole Scalessa



### Agenda:
* Announcements 
    * Meeting September 7? (Labor Day in the US and Canada)
* Update on Mappings
* Open Meeting with possible topics:
    * Current interesting projects
    * Issues you're struggling with
    * Tools you're experimenting with
    * Other topics as requested

### Notes:

* No meeting Labour Day (Labor Day). Next meeting Sept 21 (Fall Equinox how'd we get here).
* At least two co-conveners looking for replacements interested in gradually moving into this role. It's good on a CV! (nobody has volunteered yet; we may ask some people)
* Thanks for all who filled out the Islandora Survey, at least 80 responses! (It closed last week).
* Questions about the mapping:
    * Is it the mapping that is reflected in the default migration?
    * No, there are lots of steps between a mods in 7x and the rdf... it ends up getting filtered through what you have in solr. For better documentation, we'll need more people working on it.
* What should we do next?
    * Documentation on tweaking mappings. Lea
    * Would be useful to have more documentation about migrating complex data including templates, and documentation of how they'll work out of the box.
* What would you like to see out of the documentation? Google doc? Github?
* What would you like to do with your metadata?
    * discovery? making the metadata an output - researchers using digital collection metadata as data in their research. (Collections as data project) -- including technical data that maybe only systems cared about in the past
    * sharing as spreadsheets? Some are exporting RDF prepared CSVs? So they can research and expand from - not requiring them to extract it from RDF or XML or whatever.
    * Data dictionaries don't actually necessarily reflect the actual data we have
    * Metadata can help argue for representation of a subject. (to administration, to donors)
    * Making our metadata responsive to the community. What to do with old marc records, legacy data that we just have.
    * Easily editable, not terrifying. 
* Improve documentation via help text ("descriptions") on the default forms? Links to the place in the documentation (which would have to exist)? Similar to in US personal tax software, if you pay extra then they give you a link to documentation when/where you need it.


### Next Meeting:
* September 21, 2020
