## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, March 23, 2020, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Charlie Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Charlie Tillay
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie Le Faive
* Chris Day
* Gabi Gulya
* Seth Shaw
* Angelina Spotts
* Martha Tenney
* Ray
* Paige Morfitt
* Alex K.
* Melissa Anez
* Meredith Louise Hale
* Sarah Lippincott
* Lisa McFall
* Simon Mai


### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Discussion: [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)

### Minutes:
* Announcments:
  * Islandora 8 1.1.0 Release date for tomorrow. There is a webinar: 
* Discussion of Feedback:
  * relatedItem:
    * In example site, relatedItem is used for identifying archival collections with various attributes (or lack of attributes). How can we expect to use toem to control views, access and grouping to items, etc?
    * We only mapped succeeding and preceding because that is all we can really know much about, and those identified in the out of the box Islandora Metadata Form.
    * Other "types" are too varied for us to map them with specifics. We chose to map all others to dcterms.relation
    * Something like a drupal label to contruct views, would likely work for this scenario. Institutions could figure out their own mappings, using an xpath--e.g. find all displayLabel = x
    * Request support/tutorials - "Here are tools that one institution used", "How to create, modify, adjust a YAML file to do what you need it to do", "If you are planning on migrating, what do you need to think about from a metadata perspective", etc.
  * Identifier:
    * Can we add more? Of course, but there are so many identifiers. We just put in those were in the sample data we looked at. 
    * Specifically, DOI - we're going to add it. Are there other "big" identifiers that should be added? Let us know!
    * Should we advocate for a “new Drupal field type” that is a “typed string” (parallel to a “typed relation”) to handle the type of identifier?
  * Location
    * Institutions use this in very different ways. Physical versus digital. At the top level, inside a related item. Some only have data if it came from from the MARC record. 
    * shelfLocator-- can we come up with a mapping?
  * AccessCondition
    * MIG co-conveners will consider investigate other mapping possibilities for a future meeting. 
    * 
  * RecordInfo
    * Sometimes RecordInfo is required in consortial records. 
    * It is made by default from the MARC2MODS transform from LC.
    * MIG can't anticipate the way that it is used or come up with something what even be useful for "most users"
    * Leave it to the community - create what you need, then share it. It might be useful for someone else.
  * Outside of the fields in the documentation:
    * MIG will try to develop some kind of waterfall workflow document--if you can use dublin core element, use it, if not use X, if not use Y...
    * Addendums to the mapping we provide as MIG by others. One that closely matches the DLF for example. Seems like a good plan. Considering a sort of clearning house for this sort of thing.
    * Generally, if there is something you need, you might need to build it, or get help building it. Another pitch for the clearninghouse option - what else is out there to help others.
  * MIG will:
    * Look for accessConditions options that we missed (from Samvera, other vocabularies)
  * Everyone else:
    * Please write all the use cases! 
  
### Next Meeting:
* April 6, 2020
