## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, November 16, 2020, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Charlie Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie Le Faive
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam
* Melisssa Anez
* Mandy Ryan
* Lisa McFall
* Elisa Naquin
* Seth Shaw
* Dara Virks
* Gabi Gulya
* Danny Lamb

### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Technical Metadata Wrap-up
  * Review notes from last meeting and decide on 3-4 solutions
  * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1umH-Ab14OepdljZnBrFPPf_hoo9557-7Qiacm2YImX0/edit?usp=sharing 
* Channels of Communication
  * Slack - #metadata and #islandora8
  * Google Group
  * Technical call (weekly)
  * User call (biweekly)
* Discussion on Communication and Communication Preferences
    * Describe a good collaborative experience you've had. What made that experience good?
    * Which Islandora communication channels have you used? What are your experiences?
    * What would you communicate to the developers?

### Notes
* Announcements
  * Keep an eye out for documents and reports for review. We can be a voice in Islandora Development. 
  * Sandbox Time is happening Tuesday, November 17, 10 am - 2 pm(tomorrow at the time of this meeting) - https://islandora.ca/content/open-meeting-islandora-8-sandbox-time. This is going to be informal rolling demos of Islandora 8. Join any time in those 4 hours for any amount of time.
* Technical Metadata Wrap-up
  * Review notes from last meeting and decide on 3-4 solutions
  * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1umH-Ab14OepdljZnBrFPPf_hoo9557-7Qiacm2YImX0/edit?usp=sharing 
    * Discussion of dates - what dates are we talking about here - date digitized vs date uploaded vs date last modified vs date uploaded vs etc. This all gets a little messy. Dates in general can be weird and messy, especially for born digital materials, but can be messy for any type of file. Software can get in the way of good reporting of the data. All that said, we want to have access to this information - even if it might not be accurate, it is still data. 
    * Page one of this document (numbered bullets) - this is an overview discussing the architecture. Page two - three of this document lists the actual requests. 
      * Ranking - A, B, and C are probably in the right order.
      * Discussing D - Make sure the people and groups that need access have access (don't tie this to super-admin level of access)
    * Plan is to move this document forward after review of the metadata creators vs metadata managers/librarians. Seth will provide some data they collected at UNLV in this area working with the Metadata Management Team.
    
* Channels of Communication
  * Slack - #metadata and #islandora8
  * Google Group
  * Islandora Metadata Interest Group
  * Technical call (weekly)
  * User call (biweekly) 
  * Sandbox Time - this may be become a recurring event. Keep your eyes peeled for future announcements. 

* Discussion on Communication and Communication Preferences
  * Describe a good collaborative experience you've had. What made that experience good?
    * Common Ground, Common Needs
    * Come to a common language - communication to get there.
    * Ability to specific about roles and who has those abilities
    * Making checklist - setting specific goals make them easier.
  * Which Islandora communication channels have you used? What are your experiences?
    * IRC - Gone, but not forgotten (by some), and good riddance from others. The move to Slack has been great.
    * Slack and Listserv (Google Group) can serve different purposes. It's good we have both.
  * What would you communicate to the developers?
    * Please use threads in Slack! Please? 
    * You can merge stuff. Please just merge. Please?  We can't let the codebase sit.
    * "I don't understand your answers." Figuring out how to communicate with each other.

### Next Meeting:
* November 30, 2020 (Monday right after Thanksgiving, should we hold it?)
* Topics: Wrap up the Things We want to tell the Devs document
