## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, April 20, 2020, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rosie Le Faive
* Notetaker: Charlie Tillay
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)

* [NEWLY ADDED - Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)

---

#### Attending:
* 

### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Topics from Slack channel:
  *  "How does crosswalking from MODS to RDF work? Does it have to be an exact hierarchical match MODS (titleInfo/title) or  just the "meat" of the metadata MODS(title)?"
  *  "Is there any particular metadata schema that is recommended for Islandora 8?"
* Simplified MAP for new-to-Islandora 8 metadata/training purposes

### Notes:

  
### Next Meeting:
* May 4, 2020: Training on Yamel?
