## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, May 18, 2020, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rosie Le Faive
* Notetaker: Charlie Tillay
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [NEW - Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)

---

#### Attending:

* Charlie Tillay
* Melissa Anez
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie Le Faive
* Alex K.
* Brenden McCarthy
* Flor Martinez
* Abigail Gulya
* Johanna Radding
* Danny Lamb
* Elisa Naquin
* Emmanuel Vega
* Kate Gerrity
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Ray Garcia
* Seth Shaw
* Sarah Lippincott
* Jimena Escobar

### Agenda:
* Announcements
* [Review of simplified mapping proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KLmd7bYbYcnfCod1R1odQqf17J4OYAy8EQeRrMBlaGs/edit#gid=849430170)
* Possible: discuss the best way to split up verification that MIG documentation and yamel mapping and Islandora Defaults (possibly need to rename?) all match--We will have a few co-conveners go to the Tech Call Wednesday to propose making this an official sprint, because we don't have the bandwidth or the tech skills to do it in this group alone.



### Notes:
* Announcements--Islandora Online: please submit [proposals](https://islandora.ca/content/islandora-online-topics-and-call-proposals), because metadata and migration are specific topics we want the conference to address! Co-conveners may meet with Melissa to plan something about MIG, but any
* [Review of simplified mapping proposal](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1KLmd7bYbYcnfCod1R1odQqf17J4OYAy8EQeRrMBlaGs/edit#gid=849430170)
 * Possibly replace "default" metadata
 * Move all non-blue fields into a module that's part of the 7x mapping module?
 * Create other possible modules that add to the fields, as additional needs come up?
 * *Include all fields in default, but disable the display in forms?--seemed to be consensus*
 * May also provide these as fields in a yamel file, similar to how we've discussed providing samples, especially when we're trying to meet more specific needs. Eg. IR metadata module? Research data metadata module?
 * Clarifying the difference between field migrations vs. field creation. It would be lovely if we could create fields using the GUI, rather than through yamel. The Migration requires looking at the yamel, however.
 * Alex K. mentioned creating a mapping in a spreadsheet for our coder/Drupal person to use.
 * We need a clearer definition of how to define a new field, how are we going to standardize what "new" fields look like.
 * The idea of encouraging people to add new fields via GUI vs. via modules is dangerous because we could create an Islandora 8 that cannot be migrated/exported with one module.
 * Training on using or creating additional fields, along with shared documentation about possible new fields or sets of fields.
 * Kristina: I'd suggest making Table of Contents non-core and making note core. I am not sure I've seen any of our clients use TOC, but they ALL use note. Also, maybe are coordinates non-core? I'm not sure I've seen them used by any of our clients.
 * We need to verify we're using the "right" note field...the most general one...in the simplified mapping. We'll definitely remove TOC and coordinates from the "core" fields.
* Possible: discuss the best way to split up verification that MIG documentation and yamel mapping and Islandora Defaults (possibly need to rename?) all match--We will have a few co-conveners go to the Tech Call Wednesday to propose making this an official sprint, because we don't have the bandwidth or the tech skills to do it in this group alone.
  
### Next Meeting:
* June 15, 2020: 
