## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, December 14, 2020, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rosie LeFaive
* Notetaker: Charlie Tillay

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie Le Faive
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam
* 

### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Technical Metadata Wrap-up 
  * Update/plan for 2021?
* 2020 Year in Review
  
### Notes
* Announcements
  * [Open Meeting (tools/new sites will be demoed around 11EST)](https://islandora.ca/content/islandora-8-open-meeting-december-15th-2020)
   * Update/plan for 2021! Place to put ideas: (https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [Technical Metadata Wrap-up](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1umH-Ab14OepdljZnBrFPPf_hoo9557-7Qiacm2YImX0/edit?usp=sharing)
 * Adding headers to explain the documents
 * Reviewed suggestions: Point C would be ideal for a Sprint, but would be ideal with more documentation.
 * Idea to clarify: list of "things various roles should be able to do" (ie. metadata librarian vs. student worker)
* 2020 Year in Review
  * [Islandora Google Group](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/search?q=metadata)
   * Of around 80 conversations with metadata in the text written this year, around half were written by a "metadata librarian" or an announcement that the IMIG/SMIG was meeting. The remaining conversations are often about creating, editing, and working with MODS, but I found it was interesting that most of these are answered by Developers rather than Metadata Librarians (though Kristina definitely answered quite a few). The following are metadata-related conversations in the Google Group that I thought might be of interest.
   * [islandora_multi_importer twig and regular expressions](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/aorY3aoFkO4/m/RmkjvnmNBwAJ)
   * [Multi-importer / batch importing with drush](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/Z7Vw58sFZxg/m/cT0MwxMABAAJ)
   * [Survey of Benchmarks in Metadata Quality - White Paper Release](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/M10h2y367g0/m/WMXrx7o6AwAJ)
   * [[MIG] [IRIG] Future directions and priorities for Islandora -- ICG survey takeaways](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/wj3QTHZPMpQ/m/xcZ_RRoACgAJ)
   * [Editing metadata with the multi-importer tool](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/bvZmIx2F760/m/dwhJh6KYBgAJ)
   * [How are you handling alt text?](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/5uK3OZH-nhk/m/wQJXHXe5BgAJ)
   * [Using custom subelements in MODS?](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/v_uNfmshK8Y/m/Ib70-8YMBAAJ)
   * [Markdown in Metadata for Islandora 8](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/EIqkyjygAl0)
  * Slack!
   * #metadata channel on Slack announced April 8!
   * Opposite of Google Group: mostly developers asking librarians questions, with some librarian to librarian communication as well.
   * Some really cool tools have been shared
  * MIG Minutes
   * January-April was focused on wrapping on the Metadata Application Profile discussion begun in December. Individual needs were too diverse to create a true MAP, so we re-routed to a minimal viable product and templating ideas.
   * February-Mark Jordan shared tools for exporting metadata from SOLR
   * March-April reviewed field by field the mapping
   * May-August continued field by field review, migration needs, flattening XML, Rosie's mapping documentation discussed, talked about EDTF and Rights specifically, discussed yamel files, and we had Islandora Online
   * September-December Danny presented Islandora 8 survey and we've been discussing technical metadata. Most recently we've had some conversations on communication, especially how to improve communication in Islandora
  * [Overview of documentation](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JdbEipIQYA6aLoK-_qJ5hPytmyC87zeHUSpgR0s8MrA)
   * Might be worth re-visiting minimal profile...seems to have stumbled over implementation problems
  * Github Issues
   * 6 of the 10 are from 2018 or earlier (ignored in this review)
   * Some vocabularies aren't showing up
   * Attempting to create conditionals
   * Indexing and sorting? Creating documentation on how EDTF is handled?
   * 1 closed ticket by Mark Jordan generates a report listing Drupal fields and how they map to RDF properties
### Next Meeting:
* January 11, 2021
* Topics: Plans and Goals for 2021/[Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
