## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, August 24, 2020, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Rosie Le Faive
* Notetaker: Charlie Tillay
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [NEW - Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie Le Faive
* Mike Bolam
* Danny Lamb
* Seth Shaw
* Alex K.
* Elisa Naquin
* Abby Gulya
* Johanna Radding
* Mandy Ryan
* Paige Morfitt
* Lisa McFall
* Alexander O'Neill
* Sarah Lippincott

### Agenda:
* Announcements 
    * Still seeking volunteers for co-convener replacements/trainees
* Survey results review by Danny Lamb
* Survey results open discussion
* Future of the IMIG discussion?

### Notes:

* Survey results from Danny Lamb and group discussion:
  * 80 results, ie. 1/4 of the user base
  * The results (blog post)[https://islandora.ca/index.php/content/latest-survey-results-are]
  * 35% librarians/<25% developer feedback (developers are over-represented in other avenues of representation
  * DIG (Documentation Interest Group) is re-convening, which will address many of the biggest "needs"
  * Have the priorities clarified for the next few months, but of course depends on the community's submissions/work
  * Was surprised by how low the "XML record export" tools ranked--could be a reflection of survey overlap or institutions directing their work towards the tools that exist for Excel/csvs instead of demanding their ideal tools (or what they originally expected to be their ideal tools)
  * Smaller institutions and vendors might be more likely to have concieved of their work as XML and need the XML export/import where many of the regular MIG participants are probably using bulk processes based on CSVs and be more readily able to migrate with existing tools
  * Many of us already aren't happy with our MODS so we're 
  * Multi-site and accessibility are definitely top priorities, which don't necessarily explicitly overlap with metadata but could? (recommended checking out your metadata forms with https://wave.webaim.org/)
  * Has there been feedback regarding technical/administrative (or generally non-descriptive) metadata? Should MIG been involved in those discussions? Where would that fit in the current survey? It might simplify things if we could model them in a mingled way. Some technical metadata has been put inside our MODS, especially at organizations who migrated. Semantically rigorous differentiation between "describing the file" and "describing the real-world entity" is theoretically more possible now, but do we want to enforce that as a community?
  
  
### Next Meeting:
* October 5, 2020
