## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, January 11, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Charlie Tillay
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Charlie Tillay
* Rosie Le Faive
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam
* Melissa Anez
* Mandy Ryan
* Danny lamb 
* Abigail Gulya
* Alex Kent
* Lisa McFall
* Seth Shaw

### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Technical Metadata 
* Sprint planning  
  
### Notes
* Announcements
  * Kristina is building an XML profiler with features similar to [SIMILE Gadget](https://github.com/Conal-Tuohy/SIMILE-Gadget) (points to xml file and give you a browsable listing of nodes, values, etc.). Willing to share and get feedback when its ready
 * Open Discussion on what we want to see this year, what MIG wants to accomplish this year
 * Possibilities
    * Sprint (ICG documentation hackdoc on metadata and migration, tech metadata sprint documentation, look at 7x documentation and make sure MODS is going to the place we believe it is going) 
   * New pieces of code are coming out, highlighted by demos. 
   * Should we organize metadata-focused things for the entire Metadata community, or focus more on a support group for metadata people? 
   * Last meeting of the month: an Open Forum?
     * Melissa mentioned other groups moving to do open round table at the end of each meeting. We will start doing this instead of reserving a whole regular meeting as an Open Forum.
   * Some institutions are still making decisions on migration to Islandora 8. Standardized documentation for the community is welcome. 
   * More topics on communications between metadata and developers is helpful (Sprint may be something worth interest to developers)
  * Documentation : written standards, but document that defines objects in drupal in both library and developer language (translation document for librarians and developers). 
     * Looking for a way to include everyone in MIG to contribute and cooperative documentation 
     * Possible document: things to be aware of / talk to your developers about at your institution
     * If there was a framework for each type of question (specific section for dates) 
     * Figure out what outline needs to be, and where the documentation lives (IMIG or Islandora documentation) 
      *  MIG can ask DIG about documentation questions
    * Semi-official representatives from MIG into other groups we need to work closely with who can report back to MIG 
    * First: get a list of those groups and who is attending them to give an update every-so-often. (DIG, IRIG, ISLE, Multi-Tenancy, User Group, Tech Call)
  * Data customizations (content types) : No best practice on this yet. 
     * Looking for ways to announce changes to islandora defaults. May be worth documenting or doing a case study
*  Ideas: 
    * documentation 
    * overlapping groups list
    
  
    
### Next Meeting:
* January 25, 2021

