## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, January 25, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt, Charlie Tillay
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Charlie Tillay
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie Le Faive
* Melissa Anez
* Danny Lamb
* Alyssa Nance
* Angelia Spots
* Elsa Naquin
* Flor Martines
* Gabi Gulya
* Joseph N.
* Lisa McFall
* Mandy Ryan
* Matthew Lincoln
* Ray Garcia
* Seth Shaw
* Emmanuel Vega
* Ricardo Rodriguez Jimenez

### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Review of possibilities identified in last meeting
* Open call for any other possibilities
* Pick one or two priorities from the possibilities
* Identify next steps toward the identified priorities
* Open round table

### [Possibilities summary](https://www.tricider.com/admin/3FXObm7BoDx/8RoPnhRj5JZ#google_vignette)

* Sprint focusing on documenting migration process (with focus on the metadata work)
* Sprint focused on technical metadata. This would start with formalizing use cases/wireframes for the changes we want to see, and identifying the distinct issues that can be passed to devs
* Sprint reviewing our current documents that specify our metadata migration specifications, and verifying that things are working as expected
* Documentation decisions/outlining: Determine where the following should live (consult DIG?) and how they should be structured:
  * Metadata-oriented "translation"/gloss on the main documentation (i.e. adding examples/terminology that metadata folks would be more familiar with)
  * Page listing topics metadata folks should be aware of and should discuss with developers at their institution (and/or test in their instance). One example: check that any fields set to be treated as a string in Solr can be searched without entering the whole exact field value.
  * Place to gather informal community "things we learned" or "what I wish I knew at the beginning" info as more institutions begin moving into I8.  
* More on communication between metadata folks and devs
* Demos of new code
* Organize informal/semi-official MIG representatives to other groups

### Notes
* Announcements
  * Open zoom call for Islandora on Thursday, January 28. Open to all if you have islandora questions! More information : https://islandora.ca/content/islandora-open-meeting-january-28-2021
  * Open position for Digital Arcivist : https://www.amistadresearchcenter.org/jobopptys
* Last Week's brainstorming ideas for 2021:
  * Idea 1: sprint focusing on documentation 
  * Idea 2: sprint for technical metadata
  * Idea 3 :sprint to review documents (specifically looking at metadata migraiton steps) 
  * Idea 4: documentation we'd like to see (may include DIG involvement)
  * Idea 5: more communication with developers 
  * Idea 6: demo on new code
  * Idea 7: who on this group attends other meetings, and where do we not have representation on existing Islandora groups
* Decided upon priorities : 
  * Sprint focusing on documenting migration process (with foucs on metadata work) 
  * Sprint reviewing our current documents that specify our metadata migration specifications, and verifyng that things are working as expected
  * More on communication between metadata folks and developers
  * Organize informal/semi-official MIG representatives to other groups (this can be completed quickley) 
  * Sprint focus on technical metadata
  * Demos for new code
  * Documentation decisions/outlines 
* Project discussion: Sprint focusing on documenting migration process (with focus on the metadata work) 
  * The google sheet of the mapping comes to mind (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0), however that comes under reviewing our documents. 
  * Could reword focus on CSV based migration process. It may be good to think of the entire process starting with getting items into CSV formation. So if we create documentation on creating CSV, we could cover reconciliation tools (OpenRefine).
  * For documenting migrate progress (from 7x) the second sprint (spring reviewing our current documents that specify our metadata migration specifications, and verify that things are working as expected) may need to come first
  * Could split sprint into steps,  so step 1 focus on  CSV (may end up as a workbench solution) 
  * Verifying things are working as expected is independent of the migration path. That’s more of making sure things are in drupal and being mapped to RDF as expected. RDF verification is one issue, setting up drupal is another issue, and getting RDF to drupal is a third issue. 
* Next meeting: 
  * Walk through the process of what this would look like/a walk through to make sure the drupal is mapping to RDF correctly. And keep in mind that this documentation is “a” way to do it not “the” way to do a migration that just happened to work for us. 
  * Danny demo testing mapping
  * Co-conveniors dig our documentation and make spreadsheet people can track their work in
  * Put your information on a google document to get idea of the state of pre-migration data
* Open Forum: 
  * Tillay: Community submission form of  house floats in NO in lue of Mardi Gras. Is there a form in Islandora that hides some of the fields so the community can fill out those fields, and not see all of them. Looking for a clear-set way to do that. 
  * Kristina: Working on xml to spit out stats on MODS, and listing all unique value
  * DLF - AIG (Digital Library Federation -  Assessment Interest Group) Metadata Working Group  http://dlfmetadataassessment.github.io/Collaborations
  * ICG (Islandora Collaboration Group)- https://github.com/Islandora-Collaboration-Group/icg_information 

    
### Next Meeting:
* February 8, 2021

