## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, June 17, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: RM Tillay
* Notetaker: Rosie LeFaive

---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Rosie Le Faive
* Angelina Spotts
* Danny Lamb
* RM Tillay
* Kate Gerrity


### Agenda:
* Announcments
  * Survey Update: http://tulane.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_5h9FEY84BRbbdeR
* The Documents - Continued review.
  * [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* Bibo?
* Subject field
* IslandoraCon


### Minutes:
* Survey - still only 3 responses. 
   * We'll close and take the feedback. Documentation is the major request, as well as migration tools
   * It's confusing and messy. 
* Some of this might get hammered out through documentation! 
* mods:part is often used for citation information. Do we model to BIBO? That ontology appears to be dead/unmaintained. Is that ok?
   * we might have to import the BIBO owl into islandora...? 
   * maybe set up your content type manually (Danny) since we can't auto-generate fields from an OWL file.
   * Kate found that LC is taking ownership of BIBO: http://www.dublincore.org/news/2018/11-30-bibo/
* Subject field
   * Default form is not cool. It puts everything - topics, geographics, temporal, hierarchical geo, cartographics - into a single <subject> field.
   * Also, the ordering is not reliable. This is what you get if you add 'foo' then 'bar' to the default form, and don't press "+" at the end:
``` 
<subject>
<topic>bar</topic>
<topic>foo</topic>
</subject>
```
   * Can we make the mapping friendly enough to "novice users" who used the default form, while allowing for those who carefully crafted their MODS to what it should be?
   * Yes - have an opt-able step that splits out every child tag out of the one <subject> tag into its own <subject> tag then proceed with mapping. 
* IslandoraCon! we failed to get a proposal in in time. So, what can we do?
   * Another survey, this time with a bigger audience!
   * Try to rope people into something after hours?
   * Demos?

### Next meeting:
* July 1
