## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, August 26, 2019, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Charlie Tillay
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/702515720

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
---

#### Attending:
* Mike Bolam
* Charlie Tillay
* Melissa Anez
* Gabi Gulya
* Amy Blau
* Kate Gerrity
* Lisa McFall
* Meredith Hale
* Michelle Janowiecki
* Paige Morfitt
* Seth Shaw
* Nicole Scalessa

### Minutes:
* Announcements
  * Islandora Slack has a Metadata Channel! - Join - https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSewDLgTqnOpvMAj-dcZOKh0lNTgoogcaDaAyxYevanM1Yt9fA/viewform?usp=sf_link
* Reviewing the Visual Mapping with Examples
  * Book Example: [RDF](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Tools/book_MODS_mapping.jpg) | [XML](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Tools/MODS_shaping%2Bof%2Bthe%2BPoint.xml)
    * Last of the four we were planning to do for now. 
    * Meredith pointed out a small problem with the URI for RightsStatements - Mike corrected the example image.
* Following up on [What even IS Islandora 8?](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora/FOT2-wv-_jU) question posed by Rosie and work being done to resolve the question // Defining an Islandora Object!
  * Rosie not in attendance, so we'll likely continue this conversation in the following weeks.
  * Discussion happened on CLAW call, email, slack.
  * Some of the programmers are working on some issues, but others issues are potentially covered in the docuemention. Recommended reading the documentation to get a better picture
  * Seth Shaw: Apologized that it may have come across that programmers were saying "It's in the documentation". They thought they had made it clear, but it's probably not the case. There is definitely a difference between what different developers think. Isn't working from a migration perspective, so his vision is different that others.
  * Charlie: It might be back on the Librarians to start trying things in Islandora8 and see what happens. What does it take and how do we use it. 
  * Charlie: The "not in Islandora" to "Islandora 7" felt a lot more straight-forward. 
  * Mike: Went on some sort of rant about the culture-shift (comparing to MARC to BibFrame) required to go from a records based system to a more semantic system that maybe made sense.
* Seth gave a brief update on paged content - single parent with a number of children (all images). Can we have an Open Seadragon viewer and/or Internet Archive and/or Mirador. Creating IFFF manifest that could be pushed to the viewer of choice. Page order - handled by weighting - first steps. Still on the table for later: Children can have different parents, and different orders in those parents.
* Prep for another survey: What pieces are missing that your institution would need if you had to migrate tomorrow?
  * Overview of application profile (what fields are available, what kind of data goes in, and what vocabs are recommended). Charlie gave an example of using RDA2 model for Application Profiles - Spreadsheet includes columns - name, links to RDA rules for that element, a link to Program for Cooperative Cataloging, local or state level rules. Could see an Islandora versioned application profile - include information about what is already programmed into Islandora. 
 * Beginning discussions about OpenRefine transformation created based on the MODS to RDF mapping. Meredith questioned the challenges of using OpenRefine with complex data like MODS - she uses a script [Complex Data to OpenRefine](https://github.com/markpbaggett/complex_xml_to_openrefine) to flatten it.
 * Melissa brought up a tool in development, [Desktop application for bulk ingest and editing of Islandora objects](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/issues/1172), that might be useful for loading and editing metadata.
 

### Next meeting:
* September 23 - 
