  ## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, October 7, 2024, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day ü•Å
* Dani Kroon ü™ë
* Paige Morfittüìù
---

#### Working Documents:
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Configuration](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)

---

#### Attending:
* Dani Kroon
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam
* Seth Shaw
* Meaghan Elise Cash
* Tyrica Jy'nae Terry Kapral
* Jenny Bradshaw


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Open Conversations About Meeting Topics
  * Where are people at re migration & Islandora Modern
* How to edit metadata
  * [Islandora Quick Lesson: Batch Editing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMp0lPelOZw&list=PL4seFC7ELUtripxWi_2RIBKCWqI0uif93&index=12)
  * [How to Export & Manipulate Name Data from your Islandora Site](https://www.bing.com/videos/riverview/relatedvideo?&q=islandora+youtube+page+exporting+names&&mid=D9E46C65DD8F977B181ED9E46C65DD8F977B181E&&FORM=VRDGAR)
* What do you in Islandoea? What can‚Äôt you do?
* Open Conversation 


### Notes:

* Open Conversation about Meeting Topics
	* Vocabulary management would be a good topic-- what are people doing to keep their taxonomy terms clean and up to date?, and methods on how they are keeping those under control over time. 
	* Maybe a show and tell regarding how people structured their metadata - where are people at regarding what their metadata profiles look like?
	* It would be interesting to see what others are doing regarding embargoes
		* ASU has a custom restriction code and theirs are simple -- though they are currently in the process of changing things to a multi-media strategy which is shown in what PEI was doing. 
		* Dani uses restricted access via IP address
		* Whitman has been using compound objects do display the metadata but hid the child object (which contains the media). 
* Reminder: 
	* ¬†Rosie created two videos about editing metadata. 
* Questions: 
	* What do you do in Islandora? What can't you do? How work is internally divided in your institution?
		* Pitt cleaning in 7. Solr admin interface and doing complex queries (ex, finding missing things). 
			* Example, they found out their access field was not being indexed by solr and was empty
			* Excitement around admin view for metadata purposes
		* ASU staff have workbench to work with
		* Pitt testing with Islandora 7 fields. 
		* Whitman only has two people who know workbench (but one is leaving). This makes editing metadata challenging and tedious.
		* UNLV used views - form edit module, where you can turn a form into a view to edit things. And that is how UNLV had their students work on editing metadata -- downside, there is no way to see a bigger copy (you are working with thumbnails). 
		* Video of Rosie using bulk edit (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMp0lPelOZw). This does include installing various modules. It's a good way to provide lower-level access to people to edit (like students). However, you are limited by the screen space 
		* One pro with using workbench opposed to editing within, is you get to pull the metadata out and manipulate it. 
		* You are able to edit directly on the page -- there would be a lot of repetition but it could be an easier way to edit. However it comes down to what people are most comfortable with. (https://www.drupal.org/project/views_entity_form_field)
		* Someone at PITT is working on a wrapper that could lock things down regarding what you can do in workbench. This could open up who can edit things. ¬†
		* One issue with workbench is workflow scaling. That causes a lot of clutter if you don't have good network Connectivity. This is why most people just run it on the server. 
		* Workbench isn't too good with multitasking -- so it's not so good with multiple adding things at the same time. Born Digital is testing that for PITT now. It could be the amount of queries and poroccessign workbench is running too.
¬†		* Dani hasn't come across any issues regarding workbench. As of now, the access to their customers is limited because they are unsure how some functionalities work. 
		* One good thing about islandora is roles. It's unclear if they were in Islandora 7, but it's nice to have in the new islandora, however there is no documentation that clearly lists what roles you select to allow someone to edit and just edit the metadata
	* Open Conversation
		* Can the new islandora not turn newspapers from pdf to a tiff? Mot aware of now. You can split pdfs into tiffs. You may¬†need to create a microservice for this. And they'd take the source pdf, split it, then republish each of those as separate notes with own media (depending on model you are targeting), then create complex object that does that. 
			* Note: You can have a compound tiff. They may not be common, but it's good to know. 
			* Unknown if hocr is exportable. you may need to redone with tesseract(?)

* Fedora virtual showcase
	* There a few references to islandora there
	* Noah gave a general islandora update. 
	* Someone mentioned they implemented new islandora but may move to something else.
	* Amy from whitman did a showcase. 
	* The videos will be available soon on their youtube channel.¬†



### Next meeting
* November 04, 2024 
