  ## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, December 9, 2024, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day ü™ë
* Paige Morfittüìù
* Dani Kroon ü´∂
---

#### Working Documents:
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Configuration](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)

---

#### Attending:
* Chris Day
* Paige Morfitt
* Lauren Goodley
* Angelina Crowe
* Alex Japha
* Jenny Bradshaw
* Kara Hart
* Seth Shaw


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Recent Questions From The Slack Channel
  * Collection vs Compound Object vs Paged Object
  * Dublin Core to Islandora
  * Relation Field As Link
* Open Conversation 


### Notes:
* Announcements:
  * Looking for new co-convener 
	* Pending possibility: taxonomy manager and term merger modules patch is currently being tested by someone at discovergarden
   
* Recent Questions From The Slack Channel
    * Collection vs Compound Object vs Paged Object
		* Collection & compound can have compound within them
		* Paged objects and newspapers have to have object 
		* Issue: default view for compound shows children item, and it wasn't so clear. Specifically when the metadata is not unique for each item
		* [Example](https://preserve.lehigh.edu/digital-special-collections/speeches-lee-iacocca/binder-001-remarks-lee-iacocca-chrysler-management)
		* A paged content [example](https://preserve.lehigh.edu/digital-special-collections/postcards/municipal-building-freemansburg-pa)
		* ¬†A compound object [example](https://arminda.whitman.edu/islandora/horse-drawn-combine-harvester-outfit-0)
	* Relation Field As Link
		* Multiple items related to each other. Can you use the relation field to relate items together? 
		* You could also use another field to display that information, apart from description. 
		* Previously there had been an easier way to make one field to do two functions but in this case/modern Islandora you have to have two fields. 
		* There is an [archives space module](https://www.drupal.org/project/archivesspace/} for drupal (written by Seth) to address the structure in Archvies Space (boxes, folders, etc)
			* Note, this module is not turn-key, cuz it depends on how you set up your configuration. 

	* Dublin Core to Islandora
		* There are some mappings from [CD to Islandora](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit?gid=0#gid=0)
		* There is an emphasis on MODS because most people are coming from Islandora 7
		* Seth has a presentation floating around migrating from DSpace to Islandora for UNLV
		* Long ago there was conversation about converting from DSpace to Islandora 7 then to Modern Islandora (however, that is a lot of extra steps)
		* The original mapping from MODS to Islandora 7 focused on MODS because it was believed most people would be coming from MODS
		
	* Open Conversation
		* One future conversation could be about Metadata generated by AI put into a different field/ how can our existing metadata structures accommodate AI/make clear to our users our metadata was generated by AI
		  * Example: voice to txt transcript, using AI to read handwritten materials, using AI to create base level metadata description for very large collections...
	  	* Possibility: Separate field labeled "Generated Description".
  		* For descriptive text, it should be labeled as AI, but for transcription/transliteration it can be assumed that that is automated and wouldn't need AI text.
  		* There is OCR note, and that's to let people know that no quality check has been done on this.¬†




### Next meeting
* January 6, 2025
