## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, March 11, 2024, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day ü™ë
* Rosie Le Faive ü•Å
* Paige Morfitt üìù
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)
* [Metadata configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit?usp=sharing) 
* [MIG Meeting Minutes 2003](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/tree/main/Meetings/2023)

---

#### Attending:
* Chris Day
* Paige Morfitt
* Rosie Le Faive
* Jenny Bradshaw
* Seth Shaw
* Dani Kroon
* Natalie Baur
* Mike Bolam
* Meaghan E. Cash
* Nicole Scalessa
* Angelina Crowe


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Collapsible Form Update
* Metadata Configuration Spreadsheet Update
* Open Chat

### Notes:
* Announcements
	* Rosie & XSLT - Rosie has one that "does" the MIG transform - using the mappings (that transfers from MODS to fields / RDF). It's kind of workbench ready (but still needs python script). Rosie plans to create a custom xslt and then override what they need. They have this because their solr doesn't necessarily hold all their fields. They will share it when they are ready! 
	* Natalie - They are close to getting their own migration! 
	* March open meeting will be on 26th and they are soliciting lightning talks and demos. If anyone is interested, check their islandora email! 

* Collapsible Form Update
	* It has been merged and if you get the starter site, you will the form! It's not on the starter site yet, but it will be.  Good job Rosie!!

* Metadata Configuration Spreadsheet Update
	* On the [metadata configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit?usp=sharing) Chris created.
	* He has gone through and verified the information based on the starter site. 
	* This form is a version of what Chris uses at discoverygarden. That form includes, mappings, oai-pmh mappings, facets, etc, however the starter sight is a little different than what discovery garden has. 
	* The more the better on this spreadsheet - different metadata specialists have different roles and they could be involved in configuration as well. Configuration stuff may also help us regarding how we display it to users. It's also easy to collapse in their personal spreadsheet if people don't need them.
	* This additional information also helps you see what your metadata fields are in relation to configuration.
	* There is a call to ask people to look at this spreadsheet. Please feel free to add comments to the spreadsheet, or leave comments in the slack!

   
* Open Chat: 
	* Show-and-tell: At discoverygarden, they use tabs to group metadata opposed to collapsible forms. So much like the collapsible form collapses by group, discovery garden uses tabs to group fields together. It's not too complicated to set up. One side-effect of this is that you have to know where the fields are when you want to use them (if you didn't know genre is under summary tab, you will have difficulty finding it).
	* Islandora MIG [MODS-RDF Simplified Mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0) (also named : CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping)
		* C93 - Rosie has added comments about mapping identifiers. However, there is a proposal to remap local identifier to local identifier
    * How difficult would it be to remap fields? Example? Our Resource Type and Genre field are being mapped to the same RDF field. We would like to change this. 
		    	* There is no official UI for editing mappings. If you go to Devel (may not be enabled if you use a vendor), on the far right there is configure. It is the devel toolbar settings. select config editor and safe. then search rdf, and search rdf mappings. Select. The mapping is in yaml. The first children is the name of the field, the properties are what it gets mapped to. You can then find the field, then change  the mapping. But it needs to start with an already defined namespace. To see available namespaces, go to manage, reports, field and term rdf mappings. If you look at the namespaces, you can select the mappings. There should be a place to add your own mapping. searching metadata jsonld. and here you can add a namespace in the top list.  
    * Is anyone migrating from MARC? In 7 there was an xslt on the back end. At Whitman, we wished to do that, but we were unsure about it and the quality. Pitt has been wondering about it, but they wanted more control over their metadata.They would take marc out of their catalog and would use marcedit to transform to mods to bring it in (the library of congress mapping was incorrect). Their transform process flattens MARC to spreadsheet then move to MODS.
    * PEI has a lot of collections on their own, and they are looking to bring them into one site. Has anyone thought about the ability to have linked data talk to different drupals? Example, linking into someone else's data?  Linking Islandora to your ArchiveSpace? To other institutions? UNLV was looking into it. Seth is willing to talk to those who would like to know more. We could set up a linked data field (Alexander created that resource to look up terms in LCSH). This could be a way to create a network of information as well. It would be good to link to: your own institution, other institutions, wikidata, SNAC, etc. Nicole Scalessa's institution would be putting their names in Wikidata - so is Darnel from UNLV. A possible presention would be good! 
	    * There is a wiki data training for information professionals out there. 
    	* Rosie will look into this further. 




  
### Next meeting
March  25, 2024
