12:02:51 From Rosie Le Faive (they/she) to Everyone:
	Agenda: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2024/2024-06-03.md
12:07:48 From Seth Shaw to Everyone:
	BRB
12:15:40 From Paige Morfitt to Everyone:
	Do the pre-populated taxonomies need to be added to the Config site page?
12:41:31 From Chris Day to Everyone:
	I lost everyone be right back.
12:44:17 From Rosie Le Faive (they/she) to Everyone:
	https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2310
12:47:18 From Paige Morfitt to Everyone:
	That's what we have for our titles, too - the description of the image as the title.
12:50:49 From Paige Morfitt to Everyone:
	WHat! That was awesome!
12:50:57 From Terry Kapral, Tyrica Jy'nae to Everyone:
	Reacted to "WHat! That was aweso..." with üíØ
12:51:17 From Mike Bolam to Everyone:
	Reacted to "WHat! That was aweso..." with üíØ
12:53:58 From Paige Morfitt to Everyone:
	Ok
12:55:37 From Paige Morfitt to Everyone:
	I think that's a great idea!
12:56:01 From Gab Alderete-Cruz (she/her) to Everyone:
	Reacted to "I think that's a gre..." with üëç
12:59:57 From Terry Kapral, Tyrica Jy'nae to Everyone:
	Thanks and take care all!
