  ## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, September 09, 2024, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day ü§ø
* Paige Morfitt  ü™ëüìù
---

#### Working Documents:
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Configuration](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)

---

#### Attending:
* Paige Morfitt
* Dani Kroon
* Jenny Bradshaw
* Tyrica Jy'nae Terry Kapral
* Meaghan Elise Cash
* Mike Bolam
* Seth Shaw



### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Islandora Sandbox descriptions](https://sandbox.islandora.ca/admin/structure/types/manage/islandora_object/fields)
* Open Discussion

### Notes:
* Announcements: 
	* Rosie is stepping down. Dani is new co-convener
		* Dani works for library consortia for Minnesota. 
		* Challenges regarding migration: an institution put the role behind the name and they are trying to figure out that clean up (example: Bob Hope (host)).
			* Is there a solution to bringing everything in? You could have the role term as blank, then update the role later. 
			* If you can get it into CSV, you could use OpenRefine to split the field by parentheses/a pattern that differentiates the name and role (this is also possible in code as well). OpenRefine also allows you to create a new field as well as keeping the old one.
			* They use workbench. 
			* Also using notepad++ and regex search and replace. 
			* OpenRefine used for clean-up seconded. Helpful hint, it may be the last set of parentheses you want to replace. 
			* A coded step would be the last resort. 
			* Notepad++ and regex:  You can start from the end and work backwards with parentheses. 
		* PITT:  getting down to deep mapping for migration. Running up against some odd things. Working on relations (they have a lot of related titles and are navigating those waters). Thankfully they don't need all the structure of those various titles and can concatenate them. Another aspect of that problem is keeping the structure of parts because it's reflected in MARC but not so much in solr.
		* ASU has sheet music and capstones. They've been shoehorned into their metadata profile and it's on the list of things on to work on. Exploring looking at using ArchivesSpace for their metadata. They have multiple places to host their metadata and no one is considered 'the authoritative' copy. ASU doing a feasibility study regarding this, but one identified challenged is complex title, and ArchivesSpace doesn't have that. They may be doing ArchivesSpace module to extend capabilities there. 
		* Subjects: string was dropped because it was a lot of work. Sticking with simplifying subject and simplistic subject headings. 
		* Whitman created a temporary collection where an item can sit in two collections. 
			* PIT working with Born Digital and where there are different domains. There is a community module. It is possible to have Islandora host a website, so they would link together. 

* MIG I8 Glossary
	* Is there anything in our glossery we could improve on? Anything want to add? So far nothing!

 * Islandora Sandbox descriptions: 
	 * There is a fuzzy line between institutions description vs. those in the sandbox.
		* Most of Dani‚Äôs customers customize their own field descriptions. The two things they get confused about are dates and formats. Maybe having additional information on that is helpful?
		* Looking at type and genre, what is the type in simple terms of type and genre? It might be helpful getting more clarification with these? Maybe moving genre closer to type because they are often used together. It's unclear when to use genre and type.
		* Type is a closed list and anyone using extended Islandora can extend this list. This is where it gets complex because Born Digital uses a different versioning of this -- type is still used to dictate views when using Born Digital. 
	* MODS explanation is not too helpful either.
		* (genre) This element includes a high-level type that categorizes the material in a general way using an enumerated list of values. More specific typing is done in the (genre)
			* Contains terms that give more specificity for the form of an object than the broad terms used in.
		* (typeOfResource) A term that specifies the characteristics and general type of content of the resource  (typeOfResource).
	 * Maybe moving genre up below type and under type say for more narrow terms add to genre.  
	* Resource type = broader / Genre = narrower
	* Next convener meeting we‚Äôll create language / look how to move genre below type.
	* Move genre below resource type.

 * Open Discussion
	 * How do people think on the idea of sharing our field documentation? It was one of the hardest things. 
		* Seeing it may be helpful, but be cautious -- and be clear regarding the size of the institution/how many metadata people are at the institution, and which fields are custom/out of the box.
		* Would it be helpful for a MAP and have documentation of how those fields are used?
		* We did field of the week project, and that was helpful to have explanation of what each field can/cannot do. That is similar to a description, but that only works for out of the box, not custom fields.
		* It's good to ask ourselves questions regarding if it's important or not. There could be pieces there that are interesting, like how each date field is used, how each subject field is used. There are somethings that could be of interest. And adding the consequence to your actions would be of value (if you add all things to date field, you cannot sort by date. If you don't use taxonomies, what are you doing to your fields, etc).


### Next meeting
* September 23, 2024 
