## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, July 15, 2024, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day üêà‚Äç
* Rosie Le Faive ü™ë
* Paige Morfitt  üìù
---

#### Working Documents:
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Configuration](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)

---

#### Attending:
* Rosie Le Faive
* Paige Morfitt
* Jenny Bradwhaw
* Mike Bolam
* Tyrica Jy'nae Terry Kapral
* Meaghan E. Cash
* Gab Alderete-Cruz
* Seth Shaw
* Dani Kroon

### Agenda: 
* Announcements 
    *  Also in June Open Meeting: Taxonomies Recording - [Video on youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f0Z89ARGkbU)
* [standing] Changes to the Starter Site + [Metadata Configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0) and [Documentation Page](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
* Return to IR Fields to add to Starter Site - Recipe?
* What do you want the MIG to be?
* Revisit Glossary (in "Working Documents")
* Taxonomy Term Revisions: enable?

### Notes:
* Changes to Starter Site:
   * No new fields/no changes
   * Want to draw attention to an issue: when we added Resource Types from LOC (Library of Congress) and DCMI, we had some term name/id collisions. This was due to how the migration was set up, and because those two vocabs deal with the same terms, things were note getting loaded properly. This issue is now fixed! So, when you start up the starter site, you should get the full LOC and DCMI vocabularies.
 
   
* Return to IR fields to add to Starter Site:
   * Discussed last meetings (link to Chris's presentation: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1yZ5sYBjFyyFN1Iafu5NCFYS1OUd1olu7m5D-ua9bN6c/edit#slide=id.g239b2ded049_0_138)
   * Maybe we could identify fields we'd like to add to the starter site for everyone and/or find fields to create a recipe. 
      	* The fields in red are not in the starter site
   * Interested in Rights & Restrictions (Copyright Holder, Rights Statement)
   	* For Access Condition, this is something that would be useful, but it may require additional work, specifically work with your single-sign on. This could be tied with roles assigned to individuals (requiring quite a bit of work). 
   * Conference/Events:  this could be a taxonomy opposed to creating a new field 
   * It may be easy to list fields and have people pick which fields are not useful. 
   * Rosie can create mock off of access restrictions (Access Conditions, Rights Statement, and Copyright Holder). 

* Open Discussion: What do you want MIG to be?
  * As we are currently, we make a lot of suggestions/changes to the starter site, we support other groups.
   * It is beneficial to have this group open for questions/idea exchange.
   * If you have any feedback, feel free to let us know!
 
* Revisit [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
   * Working on  Field Instance and Field Type
   * Rosie will notify to get the islandora [documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/glossary/#weight) to update the two fields we worked on today

* Taxonomy Term Revisions:
   *  Do we want to enable revisions in taxonomy terms? Drupal 10.3 has a feature where you can look at the history of taxonomy terms. As a default, it is not turned on. Do we want to turn this on and be able to see the changes done to taxonomies?
   * How is versioning enabled regarding fedora? Is there anything special needed to be done to the coding side? unclear.
      * Rosie will turn it on and see how it works!
      * A quick look at the code doesn't reveal anything super specific, but that's just first look.
        
* Open Discussion!
   * Should we add Homosaurus to Staging, or should it be a recipie? Rosie will present something for next meeting! 

### Next meeting
July 29, 2024 

