## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, February 12, 2024, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day ü™ë
* Rosie Le Faiveüìù
* Paige Morfitt ‚õ±Ô∏è
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)
* [MIG Meeting Minutes 2003](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/tree/main/Meetings/2023)

---

#### Attending:
* Rosie Le Faive
* Chris Day
* Cash, Meaghan E
* Dani Kroon
* Lina
* Mike Bolam
* Paige Morfitt
* Pascal Brammeier
* Ross, Staci L
* Seth Shaw
* Tyrica Terry Kapral


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Demo: making a "simple form" and making a role use it
* Feedback: Collapsible  forms
* outstanding questions about Solr
* Field of the week document updating

### Notes:
* Announcements - Open Meeting in 2 weeks on Feb 27th. Focus on Views
* Demo - making a restricted form and making a context to force a role to use it
* Feedback wanted - for the collapsible form
    * Red asterisk for sections with required fields (patch to come)
    * Expand/collapse all - can't find a button in Drupal. Still searching.
    * CSS to highlight the collapsible group headers better?
    * Login: http://64.23.180.138 username: mig password: demo123
    * Next meeting: finalize groupings/order based on feedback
* The default fields from the starter site (follow up from field of the week) - Chris translated fields into a spreadsheet. It's awesome. In-progress document can be viewed at [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Feedback: it's a little complex for new-to-drupal users
    * Feedback: maybe split out display to its own sheet
    * Feedback: maybe name versions in google drive every so often.
  
### Next meeting
February 26, 2024
