  ## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, September 23, 2024, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day ü§ø
* Dani Kroon ü™ë
* Paige Morfittüìù
---

#### Working Documents:
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Configuration](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)

---

#### Attending:
* Dani Kroon
* Paige Morfitt
* Chris Day
* Mike Bolam
* Jenny Bradshaw
* Meaghan Elise Cash
* Tyrica Jy'nae Terry Kapral
* Angelina Crowe
* Seth Shaw


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Review terms for resource type and Genre term ([Sandbox](https://sandbox.islandora.ca/))
* Review order of form
* Discuss moving meetings to once a month 
* Look setting up search -- talk labels -- how people manage their labels
* Investigate search options, including what each search option does. 
* Open Conversation 


### Notes:
* Announcements
	* Pitt is thinking of post migration records with MARC. Currently they are undergoing a lot of steps, but hoping to reduce that (using alma identifiers -- MMS ID opposed to barcodes). 
	* Whitman implemented Homosaurus to Islandora 
	

* Review terms Resource Type and Genre 
	* We talked about changing help text for resource type. 
	* Previously Resource Type and Genre were too similar in the help text. 
	* Resource Type (Broader term): The general nature of the content of the resource. To describe the digital or physical format of the resource, use Form instead.
	* So for Genre (Narrower term): A narrower term or terms that designate a category characterizing a particular style, form, or content, such as artistic, musical, literary composition, etc.
	* Re-ordering. We wanted to move Genre up-- so the order would be  Type-Form-Genre. 
	* Maybe adding more specific designation. Maybe having a way to direct Resource Type. Resource Type is a limited list, and genre is where we are more specific. 
	* Only tweak: [type definition] [sentence directing to genre] [then sentence directed to form]
	* *Resource Type* : The general nature of the content of the resource. To describe the digital or physical format of the resource, use Form instead. (need to fine tune) definition. Sentence directing to Genre.
   	 * Sentence directing to Form)
	* *Genre*: A narrower term or terms that designate a category characterizing a particular style, form, or content, such as artistic, musical, literary composition, etc.
	* *Form*. (need to wordsmith)

 * Changing meetings
	* We are looking to change how often we meet. 
	* Historically it was once a month, but became more frequently due to the islandora migration. 
	* An overall agreement to change to once a month
	* First Monday? That is halfway between islandora community calls which happen on the 3rd week. 
	* Starting with the first Monday in October. If there is ever a need to revisit frequency we can revisit. 

* Labels
	* When you add, change fields, you have labels. If you go to Search API, and Index (adding fields for searching), you have more labels. One point of confusion happens when search labels are different from other labels (consistency is difficult). 
	* Any suggestions on consistency? 
	* There seems like there should be a way on the back end to make your sorting and field name labels consistent, but there isn't. 
	* One solution: track it down in spreadsheets! 
	* If you come from Islandora 7, it will be a bit messy.
	* For some migrations, the same MODS field has different labels. One thing is to divide those fields up, or to create one field that fits all those different labels. 
	* If anyone has other ideas, we can circle back!

 * Investigating Search options / what does each search option type do? 
	* Is there a need for documentation on what each search type means? Has anyone had conversations about the type of search? 
	* UNLV/ASU had some conversations, but it's a "we should come back when other priorities have been looked at first"
	* Documentation is found in solr documentation -- cuz it's creating a solr setting for the search. 
	* Most search options wouldn't make that big of a difference. It gets picky when you look at individual fields. 
	* You'd wan to develop a test search for things you want to index, then reset the options, and do metrics to see what is showing up. This is very dependent on your content / what your outcome is. 
	* If anything you want, facets have to be strings. 
	* Full text applies to title and description and extracted text
	* This all gets fuzzy regarding what the larger impact will be.  
	* We have a limited capacity to fix this. 
	* All in all, it's hard to fix searching cuz we're trying to do what big search engines do, but we're different/an IR. And even if the search isn't as polished as a big search engine, the results are still there. 
	* Part of the challenges you have are people with different search modalities. You can optimize the search to one modality, in risk of other modalities. So you have to make that decision. so it's never going to be perfect for all searchers.  
	* Think of it this way, if you search for something in Amazon, you have to use the filters to find what you want. 
	* So having comment requests / complaints regarding search, you can better cater to those search settings (but you still have to think what changes you make and the cause/consequences). 
	* Having data like how people get to your data/islandora is a good place to start. 
	* Conclusion: you can never make everyone happy 100% of the time.


### Next meeting
* October 07, 2024 
