## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, February 26, 2024, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day ‚õ±Ô∏è
* Rosie Le Faiveü™ë
* Paige Morfitt üìù
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)
* [MIG Meeting Minutes 2003](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/tree/main/Meetings/2023)

---

#### Attending:
* Rosie Le Faive
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam
* Tyrica Terry Kapral
* Meaghan E Cash
* Seth Shaw

### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Open Chat

### Notes:
* Go over collapsible form
  *  Title and Contribute the only tab open. All others collapsed.
  *  Possibly renaming drop-downs.
  * Publication details. It gets a little complex because publisher is under contributors not publication details.
  *  If publisher was a separate field, what would that field look like? A text field -- because you often transcribe the publisher when looking at an object, and it reflects who the publisher was at the time the item was published.
  *  Should we take publisher out of the taxonomy? It may cause mapping issues.
  *  We could do two pull requests: one for collapsible forms, one for pulling out publisher as it's own field.
  *  Would making Language it's own drop down be helpful? To pull them out? It is a top-level MODS element. Rosie will make it happen!
  *  Do we want to pull out Genre? Type and Genre are so closely related and people often get them confused. Also in thinking of MODS and DC mapping, it makes sense to keep them together.
  *  Geographic subjects has an additional drop down that includes coordinates and coordinates (text)
  *  Rosie then showed a demo of what PEI is doing with coordinates. Each  of their books has their lat/long and they have a map that marks the location of each book. And you can click fro the map to the object. They used OpenRefine to find coordinates of locations. They have lat/long for geographic subjects.
  *  Rosie set up their site so it shows not only taxonomy term, but the children of the taxonomy term as well. Example, if you are on Prince Edward Island taxonomy page, it also shows the children nested under Prince Edward Island. Example, if you go to PEI taxonomy term, it will list Charlottetown (sp) even if it doesn't say Prince Edward Island.
  *  How to do this? wWen on PEI taxonomy term page,  used taxonomy term view, and edited that view. If you go to add contextual filter, type in taxonomy, the change has taxonomy term id (with depth). and you can set depth (to 10 which is deep).
  *  PITT working on clean up. Tyrica willing to do demo on their smart spreadsheets when it's all figured out. They are working on creating templates. 



  
### Next meeting
March  11, 2024
