## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, January 29, 2024, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day üê©
* Rosie Le Faiveü™ë
* Paige Morfitt üìù
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)
* [MIG Meeting Minutes 2003](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/tree/main/Meetings/2023)

---

#### Attending:
* Rosie Le Faive
* Paige Morfitt
* Dani Kroon
* Jonathan Hunt
* Judith Dowling
* Natalie Baur
* Staci Ross
* Chloe Jones
* Keondra Bills Freemyn
* Seth Shaw


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Islandora Roles
* Collapsible  forms
* Field of the week document updating


### Notes: 
* Announcements:
    *  Islandora open call next week
    *  Dani - migrated to an institution last week! Congrats!
* Islandora Roles:
    *  Later this week the LAC/GLAM will be doing a presentation on this.
    *  The plan is wanting to separate out a student-type role. Rosie created roles: *metadata_manager* (librarian in charge of metadata aspect of repository. They don't have full admin access to everything, but can control what fields show up/how fields show up, etc), *repository_manager* (all islandora permissions, configurations, make pages and articles, deleting, etc), and *content editor* (student).
        *  content_editor :
            *  They can see all content, and media. If something is unpublished, they will not be able to see it. They can add media (add any type of media), they can add nodes, and in "author" add taxonomy terms.
            * They can edit anything as well - edit anyone's node, anyone's media, can replace any files (so long as they can see the files).
            * They do not have a lot of delete permissions (delete media/delete own media uploaded. Not even the metadata_manager has all delete privileges).
            * They cannot do revisions. We wanted the metadata_manager to see all revisions.
            * However, when it comes to additional modules, it gets tricky when using roles (content_editor),  ex. embargo molecule from discovery garden. It's unclear what is/n't visible to the content_editor.
        *  metadata_manager:
            *  They can configure facets, but not permissions to configure solr.
            *  Can access other user private fields.
    *  Comments/Questions:
        *  Field permission note used for staff notes/archivists. One case used graphics, colors for specific fields. they also utilized indexing personal fields as well, and determine who can search within which fields. The code isn't public, but it is plugs (see chat).
        * Question about solr: Should that be restricted as it takes away indexing and you don't want  students	 to click it at random.
        * content_editor: They can add taxonomy terms, but can they delete terms? No. Even metadat_manager doesn't have the all power to delete everything (like structural fields).
        * There is a permission spreadsheet module (from drupal). Rosie has a structural spreadsheet that shows all the permissions. You can download it, change it, and upload it/ingest it to update permissions (you may need a PHP extension).
        * Are role for everything in Islandora, or can they be applied to just collections? Roles are for all bundles and not exclusive for collections. Though with one item linking to multiple collections, would make it difficult to restrict to one collection.
    * Collapsable forms:
        * At the top you have Model
        * Fields are chunked together and are collapsible (example, type and extend is a collapsable field, language is a collapsible field, subjects collapsible, system (all the structural stuff). There are roughly 10 collapsible fields making easier to find things.
        * Things we'd like/comments:
            * Would like a button to expand all.
            * if there were required field within a section, having the red asterisk beside it to indicate a required field is there.
        * Questions:
            * Can you move the collapsable fields? It is a little difficult because who the theme is, but it is doable to reorder things.
            * This goes into the question about creating fields for specific people (students). Rosie is going to look at creating different forms (example, so you could possibly have a student form that only shows specific fields). Change form mode is available, but once you start setting that up, it opens the can of worms of who can see what and when.
    * Field of the Week document
        * Or document is long and slightly out of date.
        * Today, we want to propose what to do to this document. Should we review? Should we add to wish list? Should the be added to documentation?
        * When first starting, this document was helpful. It maybe worth incorporating things that will not change could be added to the online documentation (however it does come with caveat that it will be needed to be updated).
        * Co-conveners talked about adding versioning to document and indicating when things change (bold), however, we'd still need to maintain changes.
        * The current islandora metadata page is long. We could likely have a separate page that is a starter site default page, as the current one tends to be more for programmer-side. Having a page for default fields allows metadata librarians to have some building blocks. This would make our document google-able.
        * We could add a warning indicating that these fields are just out of the box and you can create your own fields/do what you will with these fields how you wish, too.
        * If we make a collapsible form, we could nicely group our document.
    * Open Conversation:
        * Citation manager module: one site wants to use citation generator and not all fields can be mapped (journal title). On every object there is a block that says "here is your citation style". The way that gets generated is with citation select CSL mapping. Things like "journal title" should be understood by CSL. But there are somethings not on the CSL list (there is no clear mapping from CSL list to druple fields). "Journal title" could be under "container title". Maybe we need more guidance for this module.
            * Bibsite has this filled in. If you enable bibsite entity you can see things. CSL uses libraries and main bibsite module, but bibsite module includes bibsite entity. It already has multiple bundles for book chapter and has all fields you need, however, Islandora uses nodes which makes things a little complete. Ideally would like to harmonize bibsite entities with islandora. Down side, bibsite made their fields unconfigurable (you cannot change/remove/add, whereas islandora you can remove/change/add fields).
        * Out of the box (ootb) linked agent configuration : ootb for starter site role term is "Associated Name" ASN (role term that tells you name has a provenance relationship) and should be "Attributed Name" ATT. Associated name is relationship that demonstrate some type of provenance, however cataloging name associates "Associated Name" as someone associated with the item (contributor). So push to make ATT instead of ATN on site. Rosie will submit a pull request for this. 























 











### Next meeting:
 February 12, 2024
