## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, April 8, 2024, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day ü™ë
* Rosie Le Faive üòé
* Paige Morfitt üìù
---

#### Working Documents:
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Configuration](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)
* [Metadata configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit?usp=sharing) 
* [MIG Meeting Minutes 2003](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/tree/main/Meetings/2023)

---

#### Attending:
* Chris Day
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam
* Seth Shaw
* Rosie Le Faive
* Katie Peterson
* Dani Kroon
* Elisabeth Ball
* Staci Ross
* Terry Kapral



### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* [standing] Changes to the [Metadata Configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
  * [Rosie's suggestions](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-LOZcmWuAVXrfaBM5K1K4NrBv7g1wJAjMppWryVDCj8/edit#gid=0)
  * [Proposed Documentation Page](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1azpfBDvvsr-NsGhGqSrYg-79bDzMB0N3RCEuRJKcpHM/edit#heading=h.7j9q7cq419g1)
    * [Preview how it'll look (PR)](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/pr-preview/pr-2295/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
* Pulling out your data into the Publisher field (recorded, recording to be made available after meeting)
* Roundtable : Total Eclipse of the Heart? [https://science.nasa.gov/eclipses](https://science.nasa.gov/eclipses)

### Notes:
* Announcements
  * Heads up for future: islandora open meeting (April 30th). Chris is talking about work IR (Interest Group) group has been doing. Specifically talking about a type of schema he has been working on.
* [Metadata Configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
  * Based on feedback, the spreadsheet has been updated! 
 	* It has been updated to include the changes in starter field
 	* Regarding the order of the spreadsheet, it is in MODS order, however you can sort how you wish (alphabetically field name, MODS (due to column A), etc.)
* [Metadata Configuration Documentation Page](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1azpfBDvvsr-NsGhGqSrYg-79bDzMB0N3RCEuRJKcpHM/edit#heading=h.7j9q7cq419g1)
  * Narrative document is completed!
  * More information regarding field of the week conversations have been added
  * Rosie did a pull request (pr) and  [this is how it'll look](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/pr-preview/pr-2295/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
  * These will be ongoing MIG responsibilities things 

* Publisher field recording:
  * Rosie created a video. It will be viewable after our meeting. 
  * Also included, Orphan term view which Rosie will add. 

* Open Conversation
     * Shout out to Seth who has been doing work to bring Paragraphs to workbench. It's been apart of workbench, but now the documentation is now updated. 
   * Question: islandora content models. Which works with which, specifically regarding newspaper, publication issue...(from Slack)
     	* Newspaper is child and can be any type of object (pdf, child, etc)
     	* Publication, not tied to any actions, context or models? Correct. 
   * Breadcrumbs for subjects
     	* It goes from Child to Parent, but does it go Parent to Child? You can. Make a view, contextual filter, for taxonomy term that is parent (the tree below is difficult), but you an list the children via a view. To make it a block view you can place it 
     	* No cross taxonomy test, but is possible.
     	* Seth used paragraphs to deal with complex taxonomy terms (they around with it but nothing too much) -- so "Austen, Jane" is one term and "Pride and Prejudice" would be another term. 
   * Rosie did pull request (pr) to add context to taxonomies (to fill in some taxonomy terms for out of the box use). https://github.com/Islandora-Devops/islandora-starter-site/pull/142
   * METS : various bagit solutions use mets. is anyone doing anything with it? no comment but no surprise if something out of the box came up.


  
### Next meeting
April  22, 2024
