## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, June 17, 2024, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day ⛱️
* Rosie Le Faive 📝
* Paige Morfitt  🪑
---

#### Working Documents:
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Configuration](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Documentation](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)

---

#### Attending:
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam
* CHris Day
* Meghan Elise Cash
* Elisabeth Ball
* Jenny Bradshaw
* Rosie Le Faive
* Seth Shaw
* Tyrica Jy'nae Terry Kapral

### Agenda: 
* Announcements 
    *  Interest Group accomplishments/updates for June Open Meeting 6/25 - [draft](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gYLzs23PMSVxHM8MBE_EDF0BTfxHgompQvrVgotnnvg/edit#heading=h.yw4k39t6evg)
    *  Also in June Open Meeting: Taxonomies Intro - [Outline](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1foZjCwlIF7eQMAcGVgaZmVcCKGK4LQJn-J0OkcPEfBk/edit#heading=h.8akup51e9e7v)
* [standing] Changes to the Starter Site + [Metadata Configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0) and [Documentation Page](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
    * (From last time): [Representative Image](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/pull/2321) is now in the documentation. 
* IR Fields to add to Starter Site
* Demo: View for autocomplete of linked agent - shows vocabulary, and shows/searches alternate names
* RDA in Drupal: interesting? What would it look like?
* Revisit Glossary (in "Working Documents")

### Notes:

#### Announcements 

* accomplishments since last year doc shared
* Taxonomies - next open meeting - outline shared.
* Maintaining our own documentation - Representative images is now documented

####  Chris Day - IR Fields for the starter site - [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1yZ5sYBjFyyFN1Iafu5NCFYS1OUd1olu7m5D-ua9bN6c/edit?usp=sharing)

* Last fall, gave presentation on DGI project, then lately shared at an open meeting. A portion of the fields had been added to the sandbox (with some objects, etc). The sandbox is down for maintenance (Rosie: oops!) As maintainers, are there "IR" fields that we want to add to the Repository Item content type - have a place in Starter. Presentation ensuedd: 
* 7 new fields, 8 new vocabularies.
* Looked at existing systems/schema (including ETD-MS, NDLTD, Proquest ETD, etc)
* Resource Type: Add OpenAIRE: fulltext, dataset, software, other
* Genre: add COAR Resource Types (journal article, bachelor thesis, patent, etc)
* Peer review status: Simple binary value field: Yes or blank
* New files in taxonomies: email, Department, Affiliation.
* add fields from ETD-MS metadata schema
   * Degree name, Degree level (Undergraduate, Masters, Doctoral)
   * Fields for taxonomies: "Department" vs "Institution"
* Publication or Container:
   * Publication title
   * publication number
   * volume title
   * chapter number
   * Section Title
   * Publication Identifier
   * Publication URL
   * Publication Genre
* Funding fields and general notes
  * administratve note
  * conflict of issue (etc)
* Version information, publication status, change note. Taxonomies: PSO Publication status (for a system where hyou're tracking the publication lifecycle), or COAR Version Types (which uses acronyms, not great) could be used to identifiy types (rather than pathway)
* Extent needs no. of pages, first page, last page. Could create more detailed citations.
* Keywords field under Subject and Classification - not connected to a taxonomy, but could contain      .[afk]
* Is it worth placing some of these in starter?
* [...]
* "Use License" field as opposed to "CC field" because might have other licenses or local statements that you want to have at controlled vocabulary, they could go there. Using these popular ones as examples. Rights Statements is supposed to be international. (Technical discussion of how copyright internationalizes). Worry about getting too expansive for some users - don't want the starter site to be too complex. Rights statements and creative commons vocabularies separately (separate vocabularies, separate fields)
* How to present these resources as something that could be done? Recipes etc are "coming" (here). we could share an IR recipe or different flavors of starter metadata. Support was expressed for Recipes.
* how can we present this list of fields somewhere as things you could add? Which page of documentation?
* A toolbox not necessarily bringing it in to core.

#### Demo of an Entity Reference field using an Entity Reference View

* Crazy nice autocomplete dropdowns with vocabulary (and other fields) showing.
* To do this, create a View. It must have an Entity Reference Display to be used this way. Select some fields, make some inline, add some filters.
* Then go to Structure > Content types > [your content type] > manage fields (!!) and select the reference field. Under "reference method" select your view.
* Caveat: Cannot use with workbench until you duplicate your display "as REST Endpoint" and put that configuration into your Workbench config.

* Status of the [Wishlist](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nzg6a89LSBunlF0OJLpiRg0tAl1LLI7vP4aYmoJeWpo/edit)?  Still active, please add to it. We're reviewing our documentation.

  
* RDA in Drupal - is there islandora interest? A lot of no, but a tentative yes from one individual.

### Next meeting
July 15, 2024 (skipping July 1, Canada Day)

