## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, June 3, 2024, [1-2pm EDT](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day 📝
* Rosie Le Faive 🪑
* Paige Morfitt  🌂
---

#### Working Documents:
* [Islandora Starter Site Metadata Configuration](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0)
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)
* [Metadata configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit?usp=sharing) 
* [MIG Meeting Minutes 2003](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/tree/main/Meetings/2023)

---

#### Attending:
Chris Day
Rosie LeFaive
Paige Johnston
Seth Shaw
Tyrica Jy'nae
Cindy
Gab Alderete-Cruz
Michael Bolam
Kara Hart


### Agenda: 
* Announcements 
    * Drupalcon updates
    *  Interest Group accomplishments/updates for June Open Meeting 6/25
    *  Also in June Open Meeting: Taxonomies Intro
* [standing] Changes to the Starter Site + [Metadata Configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0) and [Documentation Page](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
* Adding A Paragraph + Metadata field: Hierarchical Geographic subject (re-try)
* Issue: [Adding alt text as a metadata field](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2310)?
* Open Conversation

### Notes:
* Announcements 
    * Drupalcon updates
       * Three major pieces to talk about
       * Drupal Star Shot: New intiiative to make Drupal onboarding easier, lessen the learning the curve, and make a more out of the box product. This push will also includ other projects. Project Browser (beta) is a gui for installing modules. Works with composer. Lower the barrier to expanding Drupal when you are a site admin. Automatic Updates, only for core. More work taken away from site admins.
          * Star Shot hoping to finish up by end of the year. Make more like other, simpler CMS like WordPress.
       * Recipies. Groups of configurations to be applied at once. Rosie is looking at making Starter Site as a series of Recipies. Break out aspects that can be used/installed in isollation. In Drupal Core 10.3+
       * ECA. Replaces Contexts (used for display, derivative generation). Event Condition Action. Lets you make flow-charts of events and conditions and actions to diagram what you want to happen. More visual way of looking at actions on the site. Might be able to replace some custom Islandora code.
    *  Interest Group accomplishments/updates for June Open Meeting 6/25
       * MIG has been invited to talk about our accomplishments over the past half year. Co-convenors will speak, but happy to have help from anyone on the group. 
    *  Also in June Open Meeting: Taxonomies Intro
       *  What we've talked about in MIG, but presented for a more general audience.
* [standing] Changes to the Starter Site + [Metadata Configuration spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1N37GSwiDl_DSH9-n3BhWLUtjZohOg2udGJJlnZ8BmWQ/edit#gid=0) and [Documentation Page](https://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/starter-site-metadata-configuration/)
   * Representative Image field has been added. Needs to be added to documentation.
   * Need to add pre-populated taxonomies to documentation.
   * Starter now useses pathauto to clean URLS based on Title rather than node number. Can be turned off or turned to something else.
* Adding A Paragraph + Metadata field: Hierarchical Geographic subject (re-try)
   * Install Paragraphs Module https://www.drupal.org/project/paragraphs
   * Enable Entity Reference Revisions module
   * Structure > Paragraphs > Add Paragraph Type
      * Hierarchical Geographic Subject
      * Description: Allows for the creation of a geographic subject name—in a hierarchical form—with separate fields for each subelement
   * Manage Fields
      * Add a new Field > Reference > Taxonomy Term
      * Type of Item To Reference > Taxonomy Term
      * Allowed Number Of Values > 1
      * Reference Method > Default
      * Create Reference Entities
      * Vocabulary > Geographic Location
         * Continent		field_continent
         * Country		field_country
         * Region			field_region
         * State			field_state
         * Territory		field_territory
         * County			field_county
         * City			field_city
         * City Section		field_city_section
         * Island			field_island
         * Area			field_area
         * Extraterrestrial Area	field_extraterrestrial_area
   * Structure > Content Types > Repository Item
      * Create New Field > Reference Revisions > Paragraph
      * Hierarchical Geographic Subject
      * Type of Item To Reference > Paragraphs
      * Allowed Number Of Values > Unlimited
      * Which Paragraph types should be allowed? > Include the selected below
      * Type > Hierarchical Geographic Subject
   * Manage Form Display
      * Paragraphs Legacy
      * Manage Display
      * Inline
      * Rendered Entity

   * Raising issue of RDF and how it will use paragraphs. ASU just turns it into a string.
   * Also can you use linked terms in a paragraph that links back to list all the items with that term in a paragraph?
* Issue: [Adding alt text as a metadata field](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2310)?
   * Rosie: We don't do alt text well. Mostly just copying the title into the alt text or filename.
   * Thoughts of stiking it on the node as a field? Or put alt text in original file and let derivatives use that alt text.
   * Mike: In best case scenario titles and descriptions might be usable as "alt text" but would be better to have it as separate and serving a different purpose.
   * Chris: Title and description have different contexts. Alt text has a specific purpose.
   * Rosie: Proposing not requiring the field. Do thumbnails need alt text? But Service Files, or Slideshows, where it is more useful.
   * Rosie: Made a pull request that changes Islandora Image Formatter to add option for where alt text is coming from.
   * Is Image Alt Text something that should be a field on the node, rather than attached to media.
* Open Conversation
   * Mike: Thinking about dates. Wanting to simplify dates. Newspaper still needs Date Issued. Can you change this to a different field? Rosie: Yes, totally. Need to add it to the Newspaper View, but there are several places to make the change. View was designed to drop down to year-month-day but can be edited to take out levels.
  
### Next meeting
June 17, 2024
