## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, Monday, Oct. 2, 2017, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)
### 
---
* Chair:  Rosie Le Faive
* Notetaker:    Amanda Lehman
* Announcements:    Rachel Tillay


---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [Conference Call Information](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Conference-Call-Information)
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
---
#### Attending:
* Amanda Lehman and Bryan Ricupero from U. Wyoming
* Rosie Le Faive from UPEI
* Rachel Tillay from Tulane University
* Mike Bolam
* Robin Naughton from NYAM
* John and Chris from Boston College
* Joahanna Radding from Amherst
* Yamil


#### Agenda:
* Welcome and introductions
* Last meetings [notes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2017/2017-09-18.md)
* Discussion: 
     * DCTerms mapping
        * Trello board: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
        * Spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/a/upei.ca/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit?usp=drive_web
     * Mappings for [mods:genre](https://trello.com/c/lCfdfP6J/31-modsgenre)
     
#### Notes & Questions
* irclog: http://irclogs.islandora.ca/2017-10-02.html
* Comments to catch up from last meeting: Public Notes and goals are helpful for us to advocate for metadata cleanup in our institutions.  This can carry into sharing cleanup tricks, tips and plans.  Rachel commented that the "MIK":https://github.com/lsulibraries/mik-vagrant and LSU's refinements, CRUD, and other tools offer great place to start.  Rosie commented that PHP scripts from Paul Pound are available in ____UPEI gitub?_____
* Discussion of how folks might plan to migrate and cleanup metadata. MIK is a great tool for planning, crud and oxygen can do bare bones cleanup with your choice of batch treatments.  
* Trello work: https://trello.com/b/J6ciWrqa/sample-mods-rdf-mapping-tool
* Most institutions have a mixture of content in mods:genre, not all of which will map well to dcterms:type. We may explore using dc elements:type so that we can include strings. There would then be options in Islandora we could set up to check if those strings resolve to links, so that when there was a mixture of true strings and URIs, the strings could be interpreted literally but the URIs could display the prefLable of the URI.
 * We explored AAT following Mike Bolam's suggestions, and in looking at Samvera's use of Europeana Data model (edm:hasType)
  * Again we returned to the choice of Samvera to do front-end cleanup of "imperfect" mappings, and there is worry about depending on the design of the front-end display to properly manipulate our metadata.  Dhlamb came in to clarify that our Drupal fields will be going into Solr so that mapping (from tripple to drupal) will allow us to group and split, however unless we mint new relator URIs for each ontology faceting might not be possible.  
  * 1-1 mapping of fields is problematic as Rachel explains in their trello - basically it's not possible to map the various concepts in some genre fields into dc:type, (or any other triple?) correctly.
  * Perfect mods might not be possible before mappings so we could use a landing place to catch-all from imperfect metadata.  * Danny said that strings will muddy up waters if we want to include them because the lowest common denominator will be chosen between strings and URIs. Is that bad? Maybe logic would be able to format uris stored as strings as links in display?
  * Rosie asked if CLAW can implement logic that, when ingesting a triple into the store, will draw/copy/import data like hasLabel and other clarifying/contextual info.  Danny said that's possible but folks should consider what to import locally.  (Danny pointed to apache stanbol for some of this work).
  * Note that discussions/suggestions like these challenge our established decision-making process in creating mappings: how conservative and standards-based ...100% linked data URI...we want to be.  Compromises may have to be made.  
  
* One question is how will triples be treated in Solr - knowing this would help us understand our intentions while mapping. 
* Closing comments: This is hard
  * Strings will be a good place to start for mappings, and cleanup processes should include funnelling us to using URIs.  "Don't handcuff oursevles."

#### Homework: 
* Take a look at your institutions [mods:subject (topical)](https://trello.com/c/p8PmbGR6) and come ready to discuss mappings.
* Make a contribution to this or any other card. 
