## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, July 10, 2017, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* This meeting was originally scheduled for June 26, but was postponed.
* Chair:  Amanda Lehman
* Notetaker: Rosie Le Faive 
* Announcements: Jennifer Eustis
---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [[Conference Call Information]]
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
---
#### Attending:
* Rachel Tillay at Tulane University
* Bethany Seeger and Kate Gerrity,
* Rosie Le Faive, UPEI
* Amanda Lehman from U. Wyoming
* Aaron Coburn from Amherst College
* Yamil Suarez - Berklee College of Music
* Eben English 
* Helena Warburg, Lisa Conathan, and Karen Gorss Benko - Williams College
* Danny Lamb
* Robin Naughton
* Audrey Lorberfeld
* Jennifer Eustis

#### Agenda:
* Welcome and introductions  
* Last meetings [notes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2017/2017-06-12.md)
* Discussion: 
  * Eben English will share their process with Samvera/Hydra Mods to RDF Group as well as his experience with this at BPL. 
  * Homework: Reviewing the [Hydra MODS to RDF working documentation](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/hydra/MODS+and+RDF+Descriptive+Metadata+Subgroup).
  * Understanding RDF  
  * Create a list of concepts: What do we mean by concepts? 
* Feedback: https://groups.google.com/d/msg/islandora/t5c-6g7Iljg/gFc5feHzBwAJ - Do you use Islandora Scholar with PDF uploads - how would you like the metadata to look? Join the Discussion! 
* Looking forward: At a future date, we will discuss: What did you learn from going to MODS to RDF? lead by Amherst College: Aaron Coburn, Bethany Seeger, Sarah Walden McGowan, Johanna Radding

#### Notes:

Eben discussed the very collaborative nature of Samvera's approach, and their tendency to hoard documentation to keep things transparent and democratic. While it worked, its now a bit of information overload for many of us who tried to digest it all. 

They had extensive discussions on the nature of metadata and while interesting, it did take a while. Do we have a commin understanding that we can build off of, without going back to examining fundamentals?

It is worth looking at whether all distinctions in MODS need to be preserved. For example, holdingSimple/copyLocation has subLocation and enumerationAndChronology. Do we really need that information split out? Same with family amd given names. Be eilling to make trade-offs.

**MODS is a document format, RDF is a graph, and its hard to get used to thinking of metadata in this way.**

A huge difficulty with bibframe is that it does not like literals. To use it properly you have to mint a whole bunch of new objexts. Its not very practical to do this in Fedora.

**We discussed if these intermediary objects would be blank nodes, and no, in Fedora we would be minting real objects to get their URIs in order to add them to the triplestore. MODSrdf, as defined, uses blank nodes, but i dont think anyones planning a way to implement true blank nodes in a fedora-object-based graph.**

So are we tied to minting tons of extra objects to structure our metadata? Nobody wants to do that. 
So can we be flexible about the ranges of predicates? I.e. using a literal where the range says an object? There were differences of opinions regarding this. 

Aaron Coburn was comfortable using literals, and argued that **RDF should not be used for restrictions or enforcement, but rather for semantic inference.** *To get restrictions, you would need to implement something on top of rdf, like OWL.* If you are really interested in validation, check out SHACL. 

What if our particular use case is not in the mapping? The samvera group tried to include all use cases that were brought forward, and would nit force any institution to drop information that they werent willing to use. Also, the mapping is a starting point and can be extended. 

Minted URIs live where? In your system! Not necessarily but possibly in Fedora.  Youre responsible for them and making sure they dont 404. That said, linked data stuff 404s all the time. 

There are issues of scalability eith the current implementation of Fedora. Not with large file sizes but large numbers of files. There may be a better implementation soon. 

We did not get to the homework or anything else on the agenda! 

*Next meeting: July 24, 2017*
