## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, Sept. 11, 2017, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)
### 
---
* Chair:  Amanda Leman
* Notetaker:  Rosie Le Faive  
* Annoucements: Rachel Tilley

---

#### Join Us!
This meeting is a hybrid teleconference and IRC chat. Anyone is welcome to join. Here is the info:
* Time: 1:00pm Eastern Daylight Time US (UTC-4)
* Dial-in Number: (641) 715-3570
  * Participant Code: 304589#
  * International numbers: [Conference Call Information](https://github.com/Islandora-CLAW/CLAW/wiki/Conference-Call-Information)
  * Web Access: https://www.freeconferencecallhd.com/wp-content/themes/responsive/flashphone/flash-phone.php
* IRC:
  * Join the #islandora chat room via [Freenode Web IRC](http://webchat.freenode.net/) (enter a unique nick)
  * Or point your IRC client to #islandora on irc.freenode.net
---
#### Attending:
* 

#### Agenda:
* Welcome and introductions
  * Please give a warm welcome to Rachel as our newest co-convenor :)
* Last meetings [notes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2017/2017-08-21.md)
* Discussion: 
     * DC (elements) example mapping: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=840791477
     * Trello Board or spreadsheet
     * What does a record look like in bibframe?
     * What does a record look like in MODSRDF? 
     * General Assumptions
     
#### Notes:
* 
#### Questions:
* Do we want to meet in 1 or two weeks after labo(u)r day schedule change? 

#### Group Business Notes:
* Homework:
  * Check out and suggest/edit [Islandora Metadata Interest Group Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NCWj86fqN_9KzfYA-KmYn4uW-lV2oyTNLPQSJbY57O0/edit#) which will be sent to Melissa at the end of the week.  
* [A place to share 2-5 MODS files](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0BzZjDmH6f51aeVBxT241aHRnbUk?ths=true) will be created for us to contribute representative records for our collections
     * This will be an option for sharing use cases for necessary customizations as well.
     * Now listed on our [wiki](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/wiki/MIG-MODS-to-RDF-Working-Documents) and above.  
