## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, December 4, 2023, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Chris Day üìù
* Rosie Le Faive üöó
* Paige Morfitt ü™ë
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)
* [MIG Meeting Minutes 2003](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/tree/main/Meetings/2023)

---

#### Attending:
* Paige Morfitt
* Chris Day
* Elisabeth Ball
* Michael Bolam
* Elsia Naquin
* Seth Shaw

### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Demo: Creating a View for Names Clean-Up Part 2!
  * For Part 1 see: [https://youtu.be/qzmOclWR85k?si=imtwMRVO8DMDMac-](https://youtu.be/qzmOclWR85k?si=imtwMRVO8DMDMac-)
* Islandora Metadata Wishlist reminder! [Feel free to add to our document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nzg6a89LSBunlF0OJLpiRg0tAl1LLI7vP4aYmoJeWpo/edit?usp=sharing)
* Open Conversation as time allows - What problems are you having with your metadata?


### Notes: 
* Announcements: No announcements other than that our next meeting, December 18, will be the last of the year.
* Demo: Creating a View for Names Clean-Up Part 2!
 * Rosie was unable to attend, so she pre-recorded her Names Clean-Up Part 2 demonstration
 * This demonstration focused on performing common clean-ups including:
  * Fixing a mispelled Name (or other term
  * Merging variant versions of a Name (Linked Agent)
 * The video can be seen on the Islandora Foundation YouTube channel at [https://youtu.be/3lW_omb9JTA?si=daWRDAjiL_YjlR_S](https://youtu.be/3lW_omb9JTA?si=daWRDAjiL_YjlR_S) MIG will see about transcribing further details from the video in the future, as a companion piece.
 * Anyone with questions about the demonstration should reach out to Rosie via Slack
* Islandora Metadata Wishlist
 * Elisabeth asked what the process was for moving ideas on the [Islandora Metadata Wishlist](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nzg6a89LSBunlF0OJLpiRg0tAl1LLI7vP4aYmoJeWpo/edit?usp=sharing) forward
  * Paige said that the wishlist is really a way to gather ideas together, but that there aren't specific schedules for moving ideas into action. It will depend on volunteers to make any changes when the opportunity/resources allow.
  * Michael pointed out that there are often Islandora Sprints aimed at specific development goals, and Wishlist ideas could make their way into one of those.
 * Open Conversation
  * Michael talked about the metadata clean-up work they are currently doing at Pitt. They are focusing on actively cleaning metadata in I7 in order to take care of as much as possible before a migration might start. This includes normalizing/simplyfing Role terms to the MARC relator terms. Normalizing Genre terms. And a lot of revisiting past cataloging decisions that no longer hold up under current/future digital collection needs.
  * Paige talked about a project where a former faculty member is trying to donate the digital contents of an extensive, but entirely handcoded, website focusing on the Theatre program. Topics included the difficulty in identifying original files and connecting them to metadata; the difficulty of using any time of automatic crawler to gater the data; and the size of the project making it difficult to prioritize/find resources for.
  * Seth talked about his recent positive experiences integrating workbench with a variety of workflows, including ingest and data remediation.
  * There was also conversation about the importance of context in cataloging. Describing the photograph and the objects/people specifically in the photograph, rather than including information about the collection or subject on a broader level. Example was given about describing photos from a play, focusing on the individuals and action actually depicted, rather than trying to add every invididual associated with the production as Agents.

    
### Next meeting:
 December 18, 2023 (Last meeting of the Year!)
