## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, March 13 2023, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Paige Morfitt ü™ë
* Rosie Le Faive üìù
* Chris Day üß∂
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Rosie 
* Paige
* Harriet South
* Mike Bolam 
* Hall Frost
* Seth Shaw
* Dani Kroon
* Elisa Naquin
* Callen Wright



### Agenda: 
* Announcements
  * Next meeting: "Welcome to Islandora, Metadata Librarian!"  - any seed questions?
  * "Field of the week: Dates" is upcoming. Get ready.
  * Term Merge - it's in the starter site! (walkthrough)
* "Where are you at" survey
* ["Citation Block" CSL mappings](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1_pSX624v2hMqkwBG0lO26adFStd-1SGvLBdPG3ix6Qs/edit#gid=0)
    * Goal is to generate improvements that can be committed to the Starter Site - e.g. new mappings, new fields, etc. 
* Open Conversation as time allows


### Notes: 
* Term Merge walkthrough
	* This is a module to merge terms. 
	* This process is a little misleading -- when you select merge, it asks if you want to make a new term or select an existing term (so when you want to merge two terms (example: photo and photos) you only select the term you wish to merge, not the term you want the merged term to turn into.
	* However, you cannot do this merge with People, Corporations, or Corporate Body as they use linked agent
	* If you wanted to do batch term merge, you'd likely have to do batch export/import with Workbench.
		* For that, go to view, and export at spreadsheet, change on spreadsheets, then upload spreadsheet. 
	* Question: merging terms within a taxonomy : what you cannot do is merge two terms from different taxonomies? Correct. The terms need to be within the same taxonomy - because your fields can often reference one taxonomy. 
	* Note - Drupal discourages merging across content types and vocabularies because they have different fields -- Drupal doesn't want to be in the business of mapping your fields from one type to another. 
		* However, term merge is  slightly different. 
		* You could also use views to do merge work, however not as quick and easy as term merge. 

* ‚ÄúCitation Block‚Äù CLS Mappings
	* We looked at document and discussed which fields we would need for citation block. 
  	* Citation location v citation place : citation place (location of archives) citation location (box number in archive) https://docs.citationstyles.org/en/stable/specification.html#
		* It would be good for institution to add their own site in for archive location so when it's cited it's referenced.
		* In ArchivesSpace, when they render out citations they look at repository information and look at the physical address.
		* Some sites have a default address to use, which would be great! For this, you could look at using tokens making this a lot easier -- also looking at scalability -- if you have a lot of repeated terms, you may want a token. 
			* If you have several places you want to address for your citation, you could create a controlled vocabulary and using tokens with those address. 
 	* Editors : One catching point is that when selecting an editor, so far, the "(ed)" is not appearing in the citation. However, that could be how the citation module is set up as of now. 
 	* URL 
    	* If it's available, url should be the doi/handle/ark. 
    	*  ASU has a handle-specific field which is what they would set. 
		* Sometimes the resource page isn't the link you'd always want. You could create a token (in theory) however unsure if that exists. 
		* UNLV had identifier specifically for resolvable identifiers.
		* Are there any open/public handle minting modules? easyid (an ark mentor) has testing to use their service. 
	* Edition : in CSL edition is supposed to be a number. Within the module, called "Edition Statement".
	* Page 
    	*  if citing from a specific page, you should have the page numbers, however unsure how that would appear in citation. it's often in your list of resource/your reference page (articles have pages, but it's typically page range).
    	*  First page references the first page of range of pages of item (journal articles), range of pages (a journal article) -- page can be a range.
  	*  When regarding "things within things" (book chapters, journal articles, etc).
      	*  There seems to be lacking a container -- like a journal title, a book title, for where those chapters/articles are housed. 
      	*  This may be what 'container-title' is used for. Should we augment the metadata schema to add this now? IR interest group would be interested in this. It's a slippery slope. Maybe this could be a secondary thing -- looking at how many people would have the need for containers  -- also with note that items within a collection could be considered needing a container.
* Plac Published
   * Formatting that would be useful would be the location -- this would require a scope note as how to use/form this. 
	 * Rosie will look to adding content (demo content) to add director, translator, illustrator to test those fields in the citation builder as well. 
* If you want demo content to add, feel free to throw into the spreadsheet and ping Rosie on slack


### Next meeting:
 March 27, 2023
