12:01:04 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	hello from Texas! gearing up for some ice
12:01:32 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	I am NOT looking forward to it + bad infrastructure
12:01:46 From Paige Morfitt to Everyone:
	https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2023/2023-01-30.md
12:05:17 From Chris Day to Everyone:
	Here is a link to the survey
12:05:18 From Chris Day to Everyone:
	https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdiAyRZ4j5tLC86rSWITDZJnOa6WTTKUuNuaVA2x-IA1F6u5g/viewform?usp=sf_link
12:11:54 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	nope, that's pretty much the same thing here. Language of the item. It repeats if the item contains more than one language (happens sometimes with rare books we have that are colonial dictionaries)
12:12:53 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	I will say we use iso 639-3 bc we have languages that do not appear in 639-2, and are in the process even of adding a language to 639-3 :)
12:14:37 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	that is a good point! I should clarify we use both the term + the code, ha. So something like English, eng.
12:15:05 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	LOL
12:18:50 From Harriet South to Everyone:
	Spreadsheets are the best! üòÑ
12:21:13 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	man I wish haha. bc over half of our materials come from the Latin American archives, it is just not possible. Spanish and Portuguese are just as common as English, and then many many Indigenous languages ;D. Luckily, collection curators are pretty comfy with ISO just bc we've had to do work to pick or create the best code for languages like...Nahuatl or Mixtec.
12:21:38 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	i would love defaults but sigh
12:22:27 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	yes! for the latin American materials we have started translating subjects into Spanish, less frequently Portuguese. long term we'd like to do so with all materials
12:23:39 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	it's not too bad tbh! while i'd like iso 639-3 to be in there by default, it's not hard to add new vocabs. I've been messing around with that in our sandbox site
12:30:39 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	yes!! we do for some collections
12:32:32 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	we keep them separate, bc we do have a semi-consistent Spanish translation practice going on for descriptions and subjects
12:32:42 From Seth Shaw to Everyone:
	https://m.xkcd.com/2730/
12:32:44 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	but other languages unsure. Only Spanish gets this treatment lol
12:32:50 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	yes
12:32:56 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	let me link the project :)
12:33:23 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	https://guides.uflib.ufl.edu/pana/overview thank you! we partnered with UF bc their workflow is great
12:36:16 From Chris Day to Everyone:
	https://www.loc.gov/marc/languages/language_name.html
12:37:18 From Chris Day to Everyone:
	https://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/code_list.php
12:41:16 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	yes the English version of the language -- never thought of that before!
12:41:57 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	ahh good point. hmm. I think for the Indigenous languages we have do use the Indigenous version but there's not much variation there really
12:42:01 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	Otomi is Otomi lol
12:42:13 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	i agree w seth
12:53:11 From Bolam, Michael R to Everyone:
	So... is there actually a camp coming soon? Anyone have a link handy?
12:53:24 From Bolam, Michael R to Everyone:
	(my search engine skills are failing...)
12:53:32 From Dani Kroon to Everyone:
	https://github.com/Islandora/islandora-community/wiki/IslandoraCamp-2023
12:53:35 From Seth Shaw to Everyone:
	https://github.com/Islandora/islandora-community/wiki/IslandoraCamp-2023
12:54:34 From Chris Day to Everyone:
	https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdiAyRZ4j5tLC86rSWITDZJnOa6WTTKUuNuaVA2x-IA1F6u5g/viewform?usp=sf_link
12:56:29 From Harriet South to Everyone:
	Reacted to "https://github.com/I..." with üëç
12:56:59 From Elisa Naquin to Everyone:
	Yes, I agree. Thank you.
12:57:27 From Harriet South to Everyone:
	Reacted to "https://github.com/I..." with üëç
12:57:28 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	thank you all! some cool things to think about re: language...going to ponder translating the lang field
12:58:05 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	yes lol
12:58:14 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	my advisor would do that, she'd sit and smile at me for 2 full minutes
12:58:16 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	was her max
12:58:23 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	it always worked
12:58:34 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	she's too powerful
12:59:46 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	bye!
