## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, June 5, 2023, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* ~~Paige Morfitt~~
* Chris Day ü™ëüìù
* ~~Rosie Le Faive~~
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)

---

#### Attending:
Chris Day
Megahan Cash
Joe Corall
Michael Bolam
Dani Kroon
Lisa McColl
Elisa Naquin
Staci Ross
Seth Shaw


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* ~~Field Of The Week: A Look Back!~~
* Open Conversation as time allows


### Notes: 

* Because of extenuating circumstances, the planned topic for this meeting was postponed until next time and the entire hour was turned over to Open Conversation
* Open Conversation:
 * Collection Description
  * Michael B: Univ of Pittsburgh has used the "desc" datastream about to reocrd information about the digital collections. He has not seen this type of information in i8, about collection etc (biographical, object lists, etc). Existing use was a formatted text block, on collection level objects, minimal other metadata on collection object
  * Seth S: Recommend a description field that allows formatted text; try parsing data by heading to add into other fields (note biographical, etc), break out and extract to individual fields
  * Formatting in field: Drupal title field does not allow html tags (there is a module that adds some functionality); you can have a formatted long text field that allows you to decide what level of html is allowed
 * EAD  
  * When asked about EAD: UPitt does have EAD in i7, originally developed by Willow Gillingham, now at Born-Digital. Archivespace EAD is exported and imported as an object; some additional stylesheet work done to allow for collapsable sections, etc.; [example](https://historicpittsburgh.org/islandora/object/pitt%3AUS-PPiU-dar192506/viewer)
  * Seth did some work importing from Archivespace while at UNLV; there is a module out there that he worked on. He found that the main challenge in i2 was durpal dealing with large amount of nodes, some cache work needed to improve performance
 * Updating values after import
  * Dani K asked if there was an easy way to update values from an import, where mistakes are discovered; fields are taxonomies
  * Seth: can just edit the term in the taxonomy; reason we embraced taxoomies in modern
  * The Term merge module does not work for linked agent, so it wouldn't work for name fields
  * Views Bulk Edit is another tool for doing group edits on records
  * Lisa M asked if these tools were in 7, but they are all only available in Islandora Modern
 * Managing Indexes
  * Lisa asked how to best manage indexes while migrating
  * Mike shared another Willow developed module [https://github.com/ulsdevteam/islandora_datastreams_io](https://github.com/ulsdevteam/islandora_datastreams_io) for finding objects with a specific value, exporting them, updating, and reuploading, using solr
  * Lisa asked when was the best time to do this kind of cleanup
  * Chris D: We did spreadsheet export/import for SAIC's migration and used OpenRefine to do clean-up before import into modern. DGI FOXML migration workflow allows for some normalization in an xslt stage
  * Mike: At UPitt are trying to do as much clean-up now as possible, not knowing what options are in the future; concentring on terms like Genre and some namework; hard with multiple partners where we don't always have "permission" to edit some data
  * Seth: If there was any field to focus on, my suggestion would be Names, since it is hardest to merge or bulk clean-up
Dani: we are using workbench, spreadsheet stage is a great opportunity to find various ways collections have been recording similar things, to find the differences in methods
 * Resource Type
  * Mike: Is Resource Type still linked to display?
  * Chris: Rosie had been advocating for unlinking, don't know current status; DGI does not link in our branch
  * UPDATE FROM ROSIE: Resource Type is no longer linked to display in Islandora Starter Site
  * Branch still using a version of DCMI; investigation inadding vocabular for LOC terms
  * DCMI terms: Image was original term, then split to Moving and Still, but they left Image for backwards compatibility
 * Linked Agent Variations
  * Joe C: asked about having different spellings linked to a single linked agent?
  * Seth: at UNLV, added different nameforms to taxonomy term; only main term would appear on the objects; if you do a search and include taxonomy terms in search results, then you would bring up the name term


### Next meeting:
 June 19, 2023
