## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, July 31, 2023, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Paige Morfitt üìù
* Chris Day ü™ë
* Rosie Le Faive üßâ
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Chris Day
* Paige Morfitt
* Rosie Le Faive
* Harriet South
* Seth Shaw	
* Pascal Brammeier
* Ann Marie Mesco
* Mike Bolam
* Meghan Elise Cash
* Dani Kroon
* Staci L. Ross
* Elisa Naquin




### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* IslandoraCon 2023: Highlights
* Field Of The Week: A Look Back!
  * Field of the Week documentation
  * Actionable Items from Field of the Week
  * What do members want out of our discussion
* Open Conversation as time allows


### Notes: 
* IslandoraCon
 	* Summation of presentation by Chris and Rosie.
 	* There were good presentations regarding digital humanities .
 	* Check out slides when presentations go live (such as Seth's presentation about metadata and fedora relationships and the challenge with RDF going from Islandra into Fedora).
	  * Question: any overall trends regarding metadata at IslandoraCon? 
  		* There was a lot of conversation regarding workbench (that presentation was not recorded, but that followed documentation)which lead to conversations on how workbench works into people's workflows and how it can continue to evolve, as well as the limitations of CSV. 
	  	* There was some conversation regarding RelatedItem (which we don't have mapping) and *paragraphs* (note: paragraphs don't work well with csv ingest).
          * *paragraphs*: in this context, a (drupal) paragraph is a content type and can be added as a content type to another field. Compartmentalize chunks of data in which you can repeat something.  (example: https://www.drupal.org/project/paragraphs)  -- 
		from [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)
  		* Involving metadata, specifically data modeling there was conversation about reversing media to node relationship where nodes point to media. Developer consensus is that it's the direction to go (reversing that relationship). We do lose some things if we make that switch. This way (the original) was designed for media to be used for different purposes. 
	   		* Question: Would switching cause confusion to those who are already on 8? Yes (but any change would cause confusion). When you look at a node as it currently stands you look at metadata -- not the media that is pulled in (views pull in that media). With the switch, when you edit the node you can see the edit media form. That would be a change for people editing/creating items (so with this move, you'd go to the node, and see the media, but currently you see the media but you don't see the node by default.
* Field of the week: 
	* Now we've looked at fields in details, what's the next level of this document (do we turn this document into documentation (that lives on main islandora documentation, or parallel?))
		*  This document has been useful regarding starting. 
		* Integrate this into documentation (so it's google-able) would be useful.
		* Creating a wiki and breaking each page up would be useful.
		* It's useful as reference when you have existing field and you want to understand how it's used/how to use your fields.
		*  The official islandora documentation's metadata section just talks about metadata at a high level. Having something more detailed would be helpful. 
		*  Maybe expand beyond documentation - could this be branded as a MIG product and treated more like (not quite best practices as that would strip out the commentary which is helpful).
		* This document would need to be cleaned up and made uniform
		*  This document should frame that this is not a default schema, it's an option for what should work for most places (it's a guideline on what to build off of -- this document is a guide to help you better understand what you are given).
		* The islandora documentation specifically doesn't talk about field names (fields listed are only listed if they are tied to taxonomy or related to other islandora functionalities).
	* Are there things in this documentation that could be used to launch change in the starter site? 
		* Islandora's ability to create citation: at minimum adding volume, issue and publication title should be done. The idea was to put those fields directly on repository item, and if your item represents an article in a journal, it would include the source material (UNLV does with their newspapers).
		* For a starter site, do we want build-in levels (where you have newspaper titles then within that issue)? What could we add to the starting site?
* Open Discussion: 
	* Field of the week was very useful last year, are there more fields? Is there something we could explore in a similar way? 
		* Fields of the week is wrapped up (there are no more fields). 
		* There are advancements in drupal/islandora community we could investigate.
		* How outdated is islandora modern? The first release was 4 or 3 years ago. 
	* To do items : rights -- Rosie has [pull request](https://github.com/islandora-devops/islandora-starter-site/pull/102) to change to formatted text (allow you to put links in) -- Seth can test this. 
	* Metadata and islandora / metadata for digital collections -- is there interest in assembling reading list for beginners/annotated bibliograph to share fundamental text/articles for beginners to not only know mechanical side, but also theory behind this (like taxonomies). good to gather common knowledge of the community? 
		* 	MIG hasn't done anything like that, but that would be a good idea. DIG has worked on glossary. We can take another look at our [glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit). 
		* As public exercise: we could start over, what do we know now about each fields now we've taken a first look? Are there gaps we'd want to bring forward/didn't see the first go around?

### Next meeting:
 August 14, 2023 -- Note: Our next scheduled meeting is on August 14th, but keep an eye out for for emails/slack messages for any changes
