## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, August 28, 2023, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Rosie Le Faive ü™ë
* Chris Day üìù
* Paige Morfitt üßâ
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Rosie Le Faive
* Chris Day
* Paige Morfitt
* Elisabeth Ball
* Sabrina Bocanegra
* Mike Bolam
* Pascal Brammeier
* Meghan Elise Cash
* Joe Corall
* Dani Kroon
* Stephanie Porrata
* Staci L. Ross
* Seth Shaw
* Harriet South


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* IslandoraCon Feedback: Interface Changes? Rename Linked Agent? (Rosie)
* Institutional Repository Metadata: Sharing DGI Schema (Chris)
* ~~DLF Metadata Assessment Tools (Chris)~~
* ~~Open Conversation as time allows~~


### Notes: 
Announcements
* September Open Meeting (9/26, 12-2pm ET): As a part of the September Islandora Open Meeting Paige will give update on MIG activities and recruit for new participants. Open Meetings are hosted by the Islandora Coordinating Committee. Way to have a regular meeting, open to entire community, to discuss Islandora and Foundation activities. Meetings generally include Q&A sessions, presentation of ideas to the community for feedback, presentation of work at individual institutions, and reports from interest groups. To see a meeting schedule and agendas visit: Meeting schedule here: https://github.com/Islandora/islandora-community/wiki/Monthly-Open-Meetings
* The next Open Meeting will be August 29th.

IslandoraCon Feedback
* As a part of the IslandoraCon Use-A-Thon the group "Creative Name Here" looked at Islandora Starter Site from a UX perspective. There slides can be seen at [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NpzMzK8U362ShgxYvLIJN5-LWBftvt8A39somATuDV8/edit#slide=id.p](url) and Pull-Requests at [https://github.com/LEAF-VRE/islandora-UX-useathon/issues](url)
* One observation, connected to MIG work, was to change label of "Linked Agent" so it is more understandable by visitors
 * Suggestions during discussion were Agents, Related Agents, Related Entities, Names, Related Names, Agent Names, Creators, Contributors
 * Early discussion moved away from Contributors, because it had specific meaning as a Role
 * Related Entities was discouraged since Entity has a very specific meaning within Drupal infrastructure
 * The idea of separate Creator and Contributor fields was raised. Also separate Persons and Organizations fields.
 * After further discussion the group decided to move ahead with the label **Contributors** (note plural) to be able to encompass Agent roles both primary and secondary.
 * The Starter Site will be updated, with the note that this is just a label and can be changed by any single institution to meet their specific needs.

Institutional Repository Metadata Fields
* Work has been ongoing to define the needs of Institutional Repositories where they diverge from the needs of a general Digital Collection. The Institutional Repositories Interest Group meets month to discuss these issues and how this might exist as a content type, etc. alongside the Starter Site
* discoverygarden has been working on developing an IR offering based on the needs of several clients (other institutions are also developing their own modules, etc.) As a part of that work Chris has been developing a perliminary metadata schema, based on the Starter Site and DGI's default metadata set, that would taken into account a wide range of object types that might be a part of an IR. He wanted to share this with the MIG for any initial thoughts and reactions. He will also be sharing it with the IRIG at their next meeting, as well as getting feedback from potential users.
* The slides shown, breaking out the metadata fields, can be seen at [https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1fRNPjtrbE-VefhUvYfWqW3hIEfItrg34nyy5g5Qr0lA/edit?usp=sharing](url)
* Paige brought up issues to do with a Degree Date field. In their repositories there are ETDs with multiple authors, with the potential for multiple degrees and multiple graduation dates attached to a work. Should Degree Date be a field in the Author's Taxonomy? Should Degree be repeatable? How to group author/degree/date best.
* Staci mentioned that in MARC conferences are linked agents (111 & 811 fields) and that that might affect the way "events" should be handled.
* Staci also asked how "Titles" would be handled as Subject terms, since they are Name Authorities, appropriate for English/Literature ETDs. Chris thought they might go into the main Subject/Topical field, perhaps with a separate Taxonomy for Titles. It could be appropriate to have a separate field for Subject: Titles in the right context.

*There was not enough time for the discussion of DLF Metadata Assessment Tools or Open Discussion so those will be pushed back to the next session.

### Next meeting:
 September 11, 2023 -- Back To School With Islandora!
