## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, Feb 27 2023, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Paige Morfitt üìù
* Rosie Le Faive üß∂
* Chris Day ü™ë
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Chris
* Paige
* Rosie
* Harriet South
* Devon Murphy
* Meaghan Elise Cash
* Staci L. Ross
* Mike Bolam
* Pascal Brammeier
* Elisa Naquin
* Seth Shaw


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* "Where are you at" survey
* Fields Of The Week: [Physical Description: Extent & Physical Form](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit#heading=h.pfjpti25a1eg)
  * Starter Site
  * Islandora Ingest
  * What Is Missing?
* Open Conversation as time allows


### Notes: 
* Announcements: 
  * Starter site citation maker:
  	* Changes in starter site are happening. Citation select block just migrated in. 
	* Developed by UTSC. Below your object it allows you to select the citation style (preloaded), and the citation appears below. 
	* To get this to appear, there needs to be mapping between fields and CSL language. 
	* However, they need a proof of concept, someone to go in and look at citations (this includes checking the fields that are used for citation).
	* This could be a MIG project and if so, Rosie can set things up for us to test. 
	* Editing mapping for citation, where does that happen? The fields-CSL mapping changes, and the CSL (code) changes. 
	* It will be available in sandbox soon, but it's on the starter site (so if you download playbook you can play around).
  * Starter site MODA/OAIPMH: 
  	* Default shows DC but newer version can show MODs via twig template and view. 
  	* MIG could go in and make sure this works -- make sure MODS is mapping in the way we want. 
  * Survey still open to drop in what everyone is [working on](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdiAyRZ4j5tLC86rSWITDZJnOa6WTTKUuNuaVA2x-IA1F6u5g/viewform)!
* Field of the Week 
  *  Do you record physical or digitization metadata? Several indicated digital only.  
    *  With Finding Aids this could be a use case for having that information [physical and digital]. However it would be for admin purposes. 
    * internetMediaType helps metadata creators see what they are looking at.
    * information for digitalOrigin helps with access purposes -- letting people know items were made with an outdated piece of software/letting them know they'd need to come in to see it in person. 
    * 	A lot of use-cases for these type of things are more administrative and it brings up question on whether Islandora is the best place to store these, or if a spreadsheet is better. 
    * Looking at definitions, the use for Islandora may be less useful. 
    * At Whitman, before we cleaned our metadata, that type of formatting would be intermixed between physical and electronic version. It was confusing specifically when creating metadata. Post clean up it was all electronic.Within your environment it's good to be consistent. 
    * 	Example of use, the size of a file would be good for a user to have to show them how long the item could take to download -- and pulling that from FITs could be an option. 
    * For EAD born digital guidelines, it's normal to use the MG, GB, etc.
    * If ever you need a field for describing electronic information, you can always create a new field -- specially coming from MODS. 
* Open Conversation
  *  Physical forms  in Islandora: authorities that can be loaded in -- can you load more than one? Yes. In metadata fields within physical form vocabulary, one selection is authority source which lets you pick from a list of authority terms to identify what authority a specific term is coming from. It is possible to pre-load. 
    * Work in Islandora 8 (Islandora 2): how do you interact with your metadata? Do you use the form? In Workbench, if you set it up so you cannot add new terms upon ingest -- if the term was not found in Islandora it would come back with an error. In this case you'd need to pre-load the taxonomy terms.
    * When migrating, you can turn the key to add new terms upon ingest, but post migration turn that off. However, this could result in two ingests -- the taxonomy term ingest, and the item ingest (specifically looking at subject headings and names). Genre and Type could be locked-down taxonomies because it's less likely you'd be adding large quantities of new Genre/Type terms. 
    * Chris (previously) cataloged with the form. For the newest Islandora, the same assumption was made for their items - using the form opposed to spreadsheets. 
    * Mike/University of Pittsburgh tired the form, but the interacting was too much. And with a lot of different people from different departments/areas it becomes more difficult. 
    * Whitman had both pre-clean up (spreadsheet and adding things via form) but it had it's challenges. And thinking about migration in the future, we found it easier to stick with spreadsheets for every ingest (to minimize loss for future migrations). 
  * ASU self submission: use web4 module-- email with fields filled out. and staff fill out actual form. The labour sits on the staff as of now. 

 

### Next meeting:
 March 13, 2023
