11:59:56 From Paige Morfitt  to Everyone:
	https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2023/2023-03-27.md
12:00:50 From Paige Morfitt  to Everyone:
	https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2023/2023-03-27.md
12:01:31 From Ross, Staci L to Everyone:
	That's a pretty interesting ceiling :p
12:01:40 From Paige Morfitt  to Everyone:
	Thank you!
12:06:23 From Paige Morfitt  to Everyone:
	Pet parade!
12:07:33 From Paige Morfitt  to Everyone:
	https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2023/2023-03-27.md
12:19:42 From Bolam, Michael R to Everyone:
	MODS Logo reminds me of that generic 90s "cup" art... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jazz_(design)
12:20:02 From Paige Morfitt  to Everyone:
	Reacted to "MODS Logo reminds me…" with 😂
12:20:15 From Harriet South to Everyone:
	Reacted to "MODS Logo reminds me..." with 😄
12:20:16 From Challen Wright (he/they) to Everyone:
	Reacted to "MODS Logo reminds me..." with 😂
12:20:28 From Harriet South to Everyone:
	Removed a 😄 reaction from "MODS Logo reminds me..."
12:20:29 From Harriet South to Everyone:
	Reacted to "MODS Logo reminds me..." with 😂
12:37:10 From Seth Shaw to Everyone:
	4GB = ~4,311,744,512 simple characters (Unicode uses multiple).
12:39:54 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	Reacted to "MODS Logo reminds me..." with 😂
12:46:45 From Bolam, Michael R to Everyone:
	Strong "Perfect Strangers" vibes with that picture...
12:49:03 From Ross, Staci L to Everyone:
	If data is already present in a field but you want to reconfigure a locked in attribute (un/limited, field type, etc.), could you purge all data from that field and then reconfigure?
12:56:48 From Bolam, Michael R to Everyone:
	https://www.loc.gov/marc/relators/relaterm.html
12:56:52 From Ross, Staci L to Everyone:
	Reacted to "https://www.loc.gov/..." with 👍🏽
12:56:58 From Bolam, Michael R to Everyone:
	MARC relators ^^
12:57:39 From Pascal Brammeier - Marmot to Everyone:
	thanks
12:58:21 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	we'll have to add some AAT ones 🙂
12:58:30 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	or I mean ULAN oops
12:58:43 From Ross, Staci L to Everyone:
	Reacted to "or I mean ULAN oops" with 👍🏽
12:58:57 From Ross, Staci L to Everyone:
	There are also relators between works, but that's a lot...
12:59:07 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	Reacted to "There are also relat..." with 👍🏻
12:59:35 From Ross, Staci L to Everyone:
	Replying to "or I mean ULAN oops"
	
	i'll have to check these out! especially for our collections of arts objects
13:00:00 From Pascal Brammeier - Marmot to Everyone:
	thank you for the presentation
13:00:04 From Ross, Staci L to Everyone:
	Thank you Chris!
