## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, December 12, 2016, 1-2pm EST
### 
---
* Chair: Jennifer Eustis
* Notetaker: Amanda Lehman
* Present: Bryan Brown, Mike Bollam, Danny Lamb, Erinn Tripp, Joseph Nicholson, Lisa McFall, Martha, Matthew Miguez, Don Richards.

---

#### We're now using SKYPE.  
* Email us your Skype name to always be on the call.
* [Join Skype Call](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o): [https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o](https://join.skype.com/t1irYDwEuZ2o)

---

#### Agenda Items:
* Welcome and introductions
* Announcements  
  * Should the PDF and large image solution pack default MODS XML Form include a dateIssued element?
  * Use Cases for CLAW Metadata Creation: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/issues/34
  * Check out and provide feedback for Move to Islandora Kit Mapping template: Follow instructions at https://github.com/MarcusBarnes/mik/wiki/Metadata-Mappings-Helper.
* Bryan Brown from the Islandora Institutional Repository Interest Group to talk about scholarly metadata
* Mapping MODS to RDF
* CLAW Goals
* Metadata features and wish lists
* Subgroups updates
* Round table

#### Notes:

* Technical learning process with Skye
* Announcements
  * consensus is that dateIssued element is worth including on PDF and large image.
  * Metadata Issues in Github: RDF UI google group post - please respond
  * CLAW Metadata: RDF UI Builder - is not a form builder, it is a way for us to focus on how to map fields from current Islandora metadata to RDF predicates.  How do we want to engage with this process in a User Interface? Use cases will help decide how we do this in CLAW! 
  * Initial thoughts: lets broaden our schema/ontology uses (bibframe, etc). 
  * Jennifer suggested pre-sifting use cases to give to CLAW developers for the UI so any input is welcome!  We will keep the conversation going in hopes that we can show clear engagement fromt the community.  
* The IR group is looking at ETDs and Scholarly "entities" to include with the new object models for CLAW
  * Background: Objects in CLAW will be defined through the metadata, which will connect them to bundles of display, and other features.  Deciding how to organize and control these entities will shape the functioning of CLAW and how we move to it from Islandora 7. 
  * Examples of ontologies to pull from: COAR, SPAR, see IR Issue: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-IR-Interest-Group/issues/7
  * They are looking for decisive work in choosing ontologies
  * Discussion of Controlled Vocabularies (which describe digital assets) and Ontologies (which describe relationships).  
    * Examples: RDF Ontology and LC Subject Headings as a Controled Vocabulary
    * Don Richards gave the following Google Description: Controlled vocabularies provide a way to organize knowledge for subsequent retrieval. ... A formal ontology is a controlled vocabulary expressed in an ontology representation language. This language has a grammar for using vocabulary terms to express something meaningful within a specified domain of interest.
    * MODS to RDF in context of DPLA, amherst mapping, 
    * Plan for CLAW will be aware of json-ld, and will accept same for creating new stuff.  
  * This is a good opportunity to have input on how to think about, organize, and share information in Islandora.
  * Jennifer shared ideas for future group discussions...more information to come. 
* Sub Groups Updates: XML forms in Islandora labs: support for use cases and issues in Git Hub repo. 
  * Thanks Matthew and group, we look forward to seeing your work.
* Happy Holidays to Everyone, please don't be afraid to share your thoughts and robots and unicorns with the Islandora Community, all input is welcome! 
