## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, May 3, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Karen Gross Benko
* Mike Bolam
* Christopher Day
* Gabi
* Alex Kent
* Danny Lamb
* Rosie Le Faive
* Matthew Lincoln
* Lisa McFall
* Alexander O’Neill
* Mandy Ryan
* Seth Shaw




### Agenda:
- Announcements
  - Glossary terms
- Decision: indicating deprecated terms in Agent field ([examples](https://gist.github.com/kspurgin/3f5bb2ea7d8d084a23751e3cbc328587))
- Demo/walkthrough of default work
- Post-sprint survey
- Round table 



### Notes
* Announcements	
	* Last Tuesday's open meeting. 
	* Glossary  is in the works -- to help with terminology regarding Islandora 8. 
		* It’s not part of the official documentation, but it’ll be a working document. 
		* If someone talks about something, or uses a term you are unfamiliar with, please feel free to ask for clarification so we can add it to the glossary. 
		* If you don’t feel comfortable asking during the meeting, feel free to add in chat or in Slack. 

 * Decision: indicating deprecated terms in Agent field [examples](https://gist.github.com/kspurgin/3f5bb2ea7d8d084a23751e3cbc328587)
	* Deprecated terms are used to accommodate people who are using legacy data. 
	*  Removed relator codes form the display (everything in parentheses which included deprecated notes). 
		* Option 1 - Could keep depreciation note in the display (pro: it’s in  your face when you’re creating metadata, con: displays to the public). This could encourage you to remediate your metadata. 
		* Option 2. Don’t add to the list, but add note to field documentation of depreciation terms. (The little paragraph on the back end would mention the depreciation note) (pro: not shown to public, con: not as “in your face”) -- metadata entry perspective, this may cause some worry 
	* Controlled access module was meant to be stand-alone. 
	* Suggest get feedback regarding this, if this list should be stand-alone or not. Would like to indicate in the module notes. 
	* If depreciation roles appear to the public, it could be okay. It could indicate to users to search by another term (so if artist is deprecated and it says so on the public side, it could hint to users to use a different term to search by.). 
	* If later, you change your  mind, it’s pretty simple to remove the deprecation note (which we’d need to add to documentation). 
* Demo/walkthrough of default work : [Post-sprint to-do list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18XChGOCWm_bT_S-UsfOl8l9xnsioF-L8sdsBXMQcqXU/edit#heading=h.9bn0ps9gm8x9)
	* Last meeting we changed “Linked Agent” to “Agent”. This just changed the display label. The field machine name will remain the same. 
	* Since last meeting, fixed RDF mappings. 
	* Synchronizing singular v. plural names as well as capitalization.
		* It was brought up that librarians prefer plural terms. For terms, it makes sense, but labels? 
		* Schema perspective, it’s singular, because you’re giving a singular title. Even if we have multiple tags to a field, it still represents a singular tag (multiple dates, you’re still referencing a date). 
		* Potential that  users may not care as much about. 
		* In RDA -- no standard for public display. 
	* Coordinates (text)
		* It allows keeping data without having to make it into the specific coordinates format.
		* It also could instigate a clean-up if someone saw this field in use -- they’d know to clean it. 
	* Place Published (MARC country) v. Place Published (country) 
		* If users don’t know who MARC is… maybe change label to place country, or Place of Publication.
	* Subjects -- renamed fields to be consistent. 
		* If they’re not separated out into topics (not separated out , they will be added into topical). 
		* Could we have a generic ‘subject’ field to accommodate people who don’t have time to clean up their spreadsheets, and split subjects out / to accommodate legacy metadata?
		* There is a lot of messiness regarding I7 ingest using spreadsheets. Having something that’s not trying to mimic MARC may be helpful. 
		* Will add generic subject field.
	* Once fields are set up, the form is very long. 
		* Put required fields at the top in the required section ( title and model). 
		* Added field groups so things you may not use all the time are together so you could collapse them (and it’s a drag and drop so you can easily change the form). 
	* Created a full title field (which is a long text field). 
		* Alternative titles : full title could be single value, from transcribing off the piece, and alternative titles should be repeatable (multi-valued) to accommodate the various abbreviations/versioning of titles.
	* Display hints -- people are moving away from display hints -- our add to documentation where to go. 
	* Language 
		* Drupal only set up to show english -- unable to set up a note to indicate where you are indicating the drupal language not item language.
	* Access terms -- (limited access/limited view)
		* If people are using taxonomy, it may be harmful to use. 
		* The number of items - for small site, taxonomy is fine, but as you add more items, you’ll get more problems. 
		* Suggested -- to not make this a taxonomy because it’s messy. It does not scale. 
* For next time: 
	* Look at the [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18XChGOCWm_bT_S-UsfOl8l9xnsioF-L8sdsBXMQcqXU/edit#heading=h.9bn0ps9gm8x9) in detail and add comments 
	* Look at sandbox at the changes made from the document: https://134-122-43-86.traefik.me
	
	

    
### Next Meeting:
* May 17, 2021
