10:00:39 From  Paige Morfitt  to  Everyone:
	Agenda! https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2021/2021-07-19.md
10:02:29 From  Paige Morfitt  to  Everyone:
	Agenda! https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2021/2021-07-19.md
10:04:24 From  Julie Bell  to  Everyone:
	New visitor
10:06:13 From  Charlie Tillay (they/them)  to  Everyone:
	https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Participants.md
10:08:07 From  Brandon Weigel  to  Everyone:
	yup
10:18:12 From  Julie Bell  to  Everyone:
	You locked up
10:22:33 From  Paige Morfitt  to  Everyone:
	It was a good question!
10:22:41 From  Julie Bell  to  Everyone:
	:)
10:36:57 From  Brandon Weigel  to  Everyone:
	CSV import?
10:46:30 From  Brandon Weigel  to  Everyone:
	Wasnâ€™t a question, more a response to a question
10:47:08 From  Mandy Ryan  to  Everyone:
	Will the slides be available after the meeting?
10:58:08 From  Kristina Spurgin (she/her)  to  Everyone:
	Yes, I'll link to the slides on the agenda after the meeting and send a link to the Metadata slack channel
