## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, June 28, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Julie Bell
* Mike Bolam
* Borwickja
* Kate Gerrity
* Abigail K. Gulya
* Alex Kent
* Danny Lamb
* Rosie Le Faive
* Alisha D. Rall
* Irina Rogova
* Seth Shaw
* Antanella Tirone
* Michelle Turvey-Welch





### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Temperature check on the idea of generating a simple Dublin Core (15 core elements only) content type as proof of concept for "shareable content type" discussion from last meeting (Rosie)
* Demo/explanation of LYRASIS work to support migration of many different MODS flavors/practices into I8 -- new field types, etc. (Kristina - [Github repo for this work](https://github.com/lyrasis/islandora8-metadata/))



### Notes
* Announcements
	* Danny is leaving Islandora foundation and working with Born Digital. 
	* Islandora open meeting tomorrow : [The Summer of Islandora](https://www.islandora.ca/content/welcome-summer-islandora)
* Temperature check : generating simple [Dublin Core (D.C.)](https://www.dublincore.org/specifications/dublin-core/dcmi-terms/) content types as proof of concept (Rosie): 
	* Have a “default” content type. Was created to match field MIG decided up on based on MODS-RDF mapping that was meant to reflect I7 default forms (and fields used in community) 
	* MODS was only one way to express your I7 metadata. 
	* To be more content-neutral, and more easily share alternative content types this idea came up. 
	* A Dublin Core elements content type. Very simple D.C. 1.1 elements. They’d be the long fields. 
	* This could be a content type that would allow you to use. 
	* Would consider the terms, and not the smaller set: D.C. terms have ranges on their properties. For that to be done right, it would mean using taxonomies for a lot of things. Avoiding that would make this process move faster. 
	* Saying all fields are strings, would make creating it faster. 
	* This is low-hanging fruit and would be a short form. This would also help the process by not having to remove all unnecessary fields.
	* Rosie will look into and look forward to brainstorming ways this could be distributed (such as “slurping” this in if you have I8 installed or having documentation so people could implement). 
	* Question: this doesn’t change default, this is just an option. We could pull this into your new system and use whichever form we wanted. Answer: yes. It’s the hope. 
	* Idea that if you create your description using D.C., that’s what you’re using going forward. 
	* If you have multiple collections, and they’ll have different metadata requirements, wanting this to be configurable. So you’re not losing the default functionality with this. 
	* A pending idea: you can have one common type of “thing” which shows/hides specific fields depending on it’s collection. This is being tested with different drupal modules and functionalities. However, the ability to add new collections using a specific form is not so straightforward. 
	* The ability to have a simple form (limited to a specific role type like Students) and I8 Admins seeing full range of fields is possible. 
* Demo/explanation of [LYRASIS](https://github.com/lyrasis/islandora8-metadata/) to support migration of different MODS (Kristina): 
	* Started out profiling Clent’s MODS to [see what fields they use using spreadsheet](https://github.com/lyrasis/islandora8-metadata/blob/main/mods_migration/mods_fieldtype_mappings.csv)
	* LYRASIS created a content type to start building on. 
	* Will this content type be shared? Yes, however, the interactions such as indexing cannot be shared. 
	* LYRASIS focused on keeping the granularity in the MODS. 
	* Mapping and Indexing is still under development.  
	* Question: If you have a URI in your MODS, will it (I8) pull in the term? Example:  http://id.loc.gov/authorities/subjects/sh85038796 would turn to "Dogs”? Answer:  This is complicated. This is work needing to be done pre-migration. You need to extract all things that are treated as subjects. So if you have URI in your MODS, and your authority is set to LCSH, do a migration of all your subject terms. Then your taxonomy would have that URI. then when you migrate objects in (after configuration), that URI would look up against those subject terms already in. SO in the end, if you migrate  your terms with URI into a taxonomy, then you migrate your content with the URI in the metadata, then they will match up. 
	* Seth Shaw will talk about taxonomies and vocabularies in the Islandora session tomorrow! 
	* If anyone has questions, feel free to contact Kristina! 
* Add to glossary: 
	* Repo =  repository, like a github repository. A collection of code, configuration or documents. 

	
 
	
	

    
### Next Meeting:
* July 19, 2021
