## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, September 13, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Kathryn Antonelli
* Mike Bolam
* Karen Gorss Benko
* Rosie Le Faive
* Matthew Linclon
* Michelle Paquette
* Mandy Ryan
* Seth Shaw
* Garth Tardy
* Rachel White
* Chris
* Yamil





### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* DIG conversation regarding collabortion on [Glossary Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.tas1lxv81uj2)
* Discussion: Where to start when mapping from Islandora 7 to Islandora 8
* [Use Cases](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oyba3HJngwgAiQz8yasmOBZ5iM2coDdpnsGERiSs1DA/edit) follow-up




### Notes
* Announcements
* DIG collaboration with Glossary
	* They want to find a way to integrate it into the platform. They want to get a sense of what this document is -- is this just a Metadata document, or is this widely done? 
	* Now, they have a webpage of general glossary terms for the islandora community, would this glossary document fit well with that page? Or is it just metadata?  -- We had two ideas, first is wanting to define Drupal technical terms being used and defining them for metadata people, but also to define metadata control. The [glossary documentation on the Islandora page](http://islandora.github.io/documentation/user-documentation/glossary/)   was done by early developers of Claw (Pre-Islandora 8 name). MIG’s glossary document could benefit their glossary. And possibly be broken up into a more technical section and then a metadata section.
	* What guided MIG’s work was just reading through the Islandora documentation and picking terms and words we didn’t understand. So working together with DIG, we could make decisions regarding what words should be added to the glossary, what needs further explanation. That way when someone comes to the page, they can make sense of what they’re reading -- someone reading the Islandora documentation and flagging it. 
	* Rosie is working on a parallel Wiki project in where each page has an introduction as if you’ve just landed on it. 
	* Our goal has never been to document Drupal, and it’s important for us to not confuse the two and keep Islandora separate from Drupal. We don’t want to rewrite Drupal docs, and maybe having a tutorial for Drupal terms could be helpful (https://docs.lefaive.ca/w/index.php/Article:Drupal_for_Islandora). We may want to keep one document because otherwise the two documents will differ and be difficult to upkeep. 
	* In the Drupal community, they haven’t created a simple introduction documentation (most documentation is geared toward developers). And it could be a possibility to do a presentation on Drupal for people that is simplified. 
	* The need for a glossary is to help librarians figure out what islandora 8 and Drupal are, and lots of metadata librarians are trying to figure out what this is from scratch. 
	* DIG’s assumption was that this was for people who were not fully versed in Metadata, however it’s just a general setup of glossary terms. Yamil (From DIG) will try to follow up on some terms, and in return, MIG would like to provide information they’d want more of. 
	* This glossary term document will be shared with the DIG co-conveniors, and they can use it to expand the existing glossary. 
	* Good to keep in mind when talking about the glossary that, some terms have dual definitions (taxonomy for metadata librarians v taxonomy to developers), ontology is also another word 
	* Keeping Drupal terms is a good idea. It could link out to the Drupal link, as well as linking to a video of explication and how Drupal terms interlink with other terms. 
	* If there was a Script for screen recording videos for intro do drupal (Drupal for islandora 101) people would be willing to review it. However, we’d need layers of volunteers to test scripts and then possibly write the next ones. 
* Discussion: Where to start when mapping from Islandora 7 to Islandora 8 (Slack question: Hi everyone, I have to map our Islandora ISLE 7 metadata onto the Islandora 8/9 “Repository Item” content type structure (Drupal fields), so, I need to learn how to do that.I poked around in github and found this, that I would love for my finished product to look like, but I don't know how to start down this path. We have a lot of custom fields in our instance of Islandora 7, and I figure there must be a way to get the software to give me a list of all the fields that exist in it, but, how can I do that? And, same for Islandora 8.​ I would be much obliged if anyone could show me a signpost.)
	* For a multi-site specifically, if you’re using Solr, and you have the ability to run a Solr query (standard discovery garden has something to turn MODS into Solr), Kristina can share that query to get your Solr into spreadsheets. (http://baseurl.to.your.solr.instance/collection/select?q=*%3A*&wt=csv&rows=0&facet ) Solr method is suggested, downloading all the MODS and parsing out the XPath is complicated and overwhelming. 
	* Regarding cleanup, there will be a lot of people working and cleaning things up, negotiating a way to consolidate and clean fields to merge together will happen. Regarding metadata, asking for a test site to see how it will behave in your system. 
	* Hands-on experience in adding your metadata into Islandora (via directly in or using workbench) is helpful
	* Getting samples of spreadsheets would be helpful. -- having a spreadsheet that lists the Display Label-- machine name--Object-- Item--View-- Type of Field. 
	* Kristina example: downloaded all client's mods, and profiled it: https://github.com/lyrasis/islandora8-metadata/blob/main/mods_migration/mods_fieldtype_mappings.csv -- using Ruby and Comand line to sift through the different MODS used. 
	* For Data remediation: you could remediate in XML form, or Spreadsheet (and OpenRefine which is good at finding duplicates). Using OpenRefine to get usage percentages to help parse down on fields. It’s also good to get a visualization of your metadata as well. . You could link some terms together, however it’s not perfect (for example, complex terms don’t have URIs attached). https://librarycarpentry.org/lc-open-refine/ - helpful class to learn OpenRefine
	* Migrate API can be intimidating. 





    
### Next Meeting:
* September 27, 2021
