## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, April 19, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Jose Emmanuel 
* Rosie le Faive
* Danny Lamb
* Flor Martinez
* Lisa McFall
* Mandy Ryan
* Seth Shaw





### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Question re: relator codes showing in metadata display of Linked Agent field
* Assess fields that are not in the default mapping / adding fields that are missing ([Sprint spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-L_eAaNBvnVWb05HFrnNHKM6Bn2ULDKxurB9ZXRYCpU/edit#gid=0) -- [Today's working document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/18XChGOCWm_bT_S-UsfOl8l9xnsioF-L8sdsBXMQcqXU/edit?usp=sharing) -- [I8 Sandbox](https://134-122-43-86.traefik.me/))
* Round table 


### Notes
* Announcements : [coding](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/milestone/20)  and [docmentation sprints](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1E-kRw9xE60CKK0qL1-phzeVKjEZu3qBKZ9d3LH1hDEE/edit#gid=1394671846)  start today 
* * Editing a Linked Agent field, “Abridger” is selected by default and it’s an issue, specifically if you don’t notice. Seth is working on making that blank by default and is working in sprint
* Assess fields that are not in the default mapping and adding fields that are missing https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/1770 
  * If it’s left blank it will become associated name 
* Another issue, when we display the Linked agent, we don’t want to display the code (example: “Author (aut)”) 
  * We are getting rid of it; and implementation, it’s nothing to write script and remove
* Config changes to defaults in sandbox to fix smaller issues found in sprint
 * https://docs.google.com/document/d/18XChGOCWm_bT_S-UsfOl8l9xnsioF-L8sdsBXMQcqXU/edit 
 
* Field Changes: Abstract v. Description
	* Rename to “Abstract” in Islandora 8, or rename to “Description” in documentation, or add a new field? 
	* Would it hurt to add both in case people use both? A lot of systems will keep Abstract and Description separate. 
	* Default is the basic set of things with the assumption that customization will need to happen. 
	* IR people use Abstract field as Description opposed to summary of Description 
	* Decided to added in another field
* Field Changes: Agent (spreadsheet)  v. Linked Agent (Islandora)
	* The way it’s set up, you need an agent in order to put a name to your record. 
	* “Linked” gives impression that more authority work has gone on than actually gone on. 
	* Decision: change Islandora 8 to “Agent” 
* Adding “Abstract” field 
	* Abstract had different RDF mapping that what we wanted
	* “Add field” 
	* Field type : Adding field, it’s up to you. Normally they set up text, plain long. Assumption that there is no mark up. If you want HTML (been told is a no no), you’d use the formatted long. It can be unicode 
	* Does RDF work throguout fedora and triple store if you have markup? It does, it’s just HTML inside RDF. doesn’t gunk up the system, but you don’t know if it’ll do that further down the system
	* Repeatability: MODS says repeatable, Description (Islandora 8) is limited. Forms has one. If there were multiple, then they’d likely have different display labels assigned to them. 
	* Users may translate this field. Users = people entering data. It depends on your site, but in defaults we want to set up so people can translate things. 
	* Adding field to form (the Islandora 8 form you fill out to add new content): manage form display -- (new field at bottom, so just drag it to where you want it to sit in the form!) 
	* Manage display (what public will see): (new field at bottom, so just drag it to where you want it)
* ?_format=jsonld
	* Doesn’t show up in json because we haven’t told the system how it should be mapped. That is the next step!
	* Go to configuration, configuration-sycrination -- export-- single item -- RDF mapping -- islandora object content type (This is where you’re telling it how the mapping should be. You need to copy paste this out (you cannot edit this in the Islandora 8, but you could go to input tab, past there and editField_description -- is the machine name (copy a similar field and rename the field name to what you want --field_abstract). And rename mapping: dcterms:abstract
Now this will appear when you add ?_format=jsonld
	* This update will NOT show up in fedora until you reindex. Isle does have a reindex option (through UI or command line) : Go to content - action -- select all -- go down to “index node in fedora”; The jsonld is the linked data that gets stored in Fedora. 
	* The change is for just this item because it’s just in this. BUT if we had several, then it would change all (you’d need to batch reindex). Fedora is under the hood, so when you change the mapping it has no reason to change under the hood things, so you need to tell it to change under the hood things
* We will come back to this later!
* Roundtable 
	* Seth : should be getting back to date facet work within the next week -- main thing was getting facets working. 
	* Paige: ICG work regarding I8 and spreadsheets;  and Lyrasis grant work on testing with Islandora 8 ingest
	* Rosie: working on medata profile that will be alternate to defaults
	* Kristina: profiling data and putting together use case regarding vocabularies and taxonomies in Islandora 

	
	

    
### Next Meeting:
* May 3, 2021
