10:04:11 From  Paige Morfitt  to  Everyone : Link to agenda: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2021/2021-03-22.md
10:08:41 From  Mandy Ryan  to  Everyone : I second that! The prep was amazing and I walked away feeling way more knowledgeable about islandora 8 in general
10:15:29 From  Danny Lamb  to  Everyone : happens
10:19:30 From  Danny Lamb  to  Everyone : it's confusing in the least
10:19:48 From  Danny Lamb  to  Everyone : # uris plz
10:29:55 From  Danny Lamb  to  Everyone : DEI?
10:30:29 From  Rosie Le Faive  to  Everyone : diversity, equity, inclusion. (generally, the push for cataloging to not be so racist)
10:31:43 From  Rosie Le Faive  to  Everyone : (and otherwise harmful, understanding the many kinds of harms often come from interlocking causes/forces, and that theyâ€™re pretty well pervasive in various ways of what and how we do what we do)
10:40:06 From  Paige Morfitt  to  Everyone : Identifiers seemed to do the same thing. But I could be wrong
10:44:52 From  Danny Lamb  to  Everyone : i know right?
10:57:19 From  Rosie Le Faive  to  Everyone : I have to run to another meeting - sorry!
10:58:52 From  Seth Shaw  to  Everyone : I need to run. ðŸ‘‹
