## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, August 16, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Abigail K. Gulya
* Devon Murphy
* Mandy Ryan
* Seth Shaw



### Agenda:
* Announcements
	* Sprint work next Monday (August 23rd)  		
* [Islandora input request](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/diETUckBFp0/m/cGNDmSHvAQAJ ) ([working document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LnwiCEjHfxzWfk52udKjYnsDxGrHszs4sISL5AEZRqM/edit)) 
* Round table 



### Notes
* Announcements
	* Glossary sprint work -- no set deadline. To make progress on this,  we’re scheduling *next monday* at this time to go through documentation an identify glossary terms (good to announce this on other channels as well -- next monday August 23rd at 10/1pm)
	* Tech call last wednesday: Eli from ASU -- they were starting IMLS grant proposal regarding “linked data” related in islandora. -- however this turned to taxonomy functions. Is there people interest in this grant?
	* Question: documentation on searching for I8? It was handwaved at look at drupal search API. It’s expedited for people to tinker in the solr searching.  No documentation regarding searching. In part because searching for general islandora API documentation hasn’t succeeded. A lot of people rely upon drupal slack search channel. People post frequently about searching. The advance search contributions documentation may be helpful. It all starts with what field you have and how do you want them to be indexed. Don’t know yet the searching trick people will want to do. Search channel in drupal slack.
* [Islandora input request](https://groups.google.com/g/islandora/c/diETUckBFp0/m/cGNDmSHvAQAJ ) ([working document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LnwiCEjHfxzWfk52udKjYnsDxGrHszs4sISL5AEZRqM/edit ) 
	* Input requested for how Islandora project is staffed. We wanted to open to see if MIG has any shared thoughts or feelings that we wanted to give back as a group. 
	* MIG document echoes a lot what the tech advisory group says. 
	* A lot of this community are small communities with no tech support. And they may fall back on Danny once again, specifically because other people are busy working on their own projects and can’t answer those questions -- Danny did a lot of entry level support. 
	* We need a tech lead because if we don’t have one, people will get ‘lost’
	* There are selective people who know how islandora works, but getting a community to gain knowledge will be difficult, because not everyone knows how other things work, they just know how “that” works
	* We need a community manager who can speak the lingo -- maybe not an “Executive Director” which is someone who is more approachable. 
	* It would be good to have something (a page or email) stating who all works at the FOundation -- and this could help us get a better understanding. ---using strong verbiage on points is good-- this will help upper management make decisions. 
* Roundtable 
	* Paige - is migrating to Islandora after a set back 
	* Seth - prepping for soft launch. Loading newspapers-- gilding three content types -- one for issue, one for page, one for collection. 
	* Mandy - It department pushed migration down the line and working on field configuration. Trying to figure out multilingual (john hopkins shared system that seemed to be working) 
	* Kristina - started looking at alternative ways to managing metadata (like json field an dusing templating to manage display -  however that doesn’t work well with taxonomy and entity references). Work on MODS remediation project with Russian and Chinese titles. 
	* Abigail - working with new software developer, playing around with MODS to CSV tools to clean metadata. 
	* Devon: working with Mandy on multilingual fields (ranging from some to all multilingual) 
 
	
	

    
### Next Meeting:
* August 30, 2021
	* Paige presentation -- Whitman and Taxonomies in Islandora 8
	* Use Cases 
