## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, February 22, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Charlie Tillay
* Melissa Anez
* Mike Bolam
* Gabi Gulya
* Alex Kent
* Danny Lamb 
* Lisa McFall
* Elisa Naquin
* Mandy Ryan 
* Seth Shaw





### Agenda:
* Announcements
* Sprint questions and planning ([Field mapping verification sprint spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-L_eAaNBvnVWb05HFrnNHKM6Bn2ULDKxurB9ZXRYCpU/edit#gid=0), [Sprint signup spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s5GCs9zrJsXevOulyRehpC-wdn4ShOVvEeaHDN_A2eo/edit?usp=sharing)) 
* Round table 



### Notes
* Announcements
	* Change in MIG set up: Kristina is default chair, Paige is default note taker, and Tillay is jumping where needed
	* Islandora open meeting tomorrow, 10am EST/7am PST
* Last meeting ended with Danny going over how to look at RDF mappings in Islandora 8
([Field mapping verification sprint spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-L_eAaNBvnVWb05HFrnNHKM6Bn2ULDKxurB9ZXRYCpU/edit#gid=0)) 
* Cardinality: = repeatability on the spreadsheet (if that field is used once, or more than once) 
	* Official definition (mathematics): number of elements in a set or other grouping, as a property of that grouping 
* Some columns are filled out in the spreadsheet as examples 
* Title being a hidden field
	* Idea : title is filled in /truncated behind the scenes, and you have your own field (limited by default to 250 characters)
	* In 7 there is difference between title and label in metadata. If there is a label style (drupal type) but we don’t want to lose full title which may be a separate field
	* However, if you want to replace the drupal 250 title with your own, you could
	* Keep this field, but have a “mandatory brief” title that needs to display 
	* Could we re-rename title field to be “display title”? If you make it, you can brand it however you want, but the Main title (the truncated one) you cannot change, and may make sense to have a fuller form of title in the metadata 
* Sprint has its own sandbox (to be determined at later date)
	* If there are fields not in spreadsheet that are in the sandbox, we can add them to the spreadsheet go get a full documentation of fields in spreadsheet
* Vocabulary column 
	* What you put in depends on your taxonomies. And those normally don’t consist of entire LCSH file. 
	* Vocabulary column may be a little wonky as it references a specific taxonomy 
	* Sandbox does not pull from LCSH (as presented by Alexander O’Neill during Islandora Online Metadata presentations), but that could be added to sandbox, however not integrated into default. 
	* Don’t want to mix it in to this sprint because it’s not part of the default setting. But if we want to make this part of a default, that may be a different discussion. 
	* However, issues do come when you have local titles you wish to use. 
* Following [DPLA’s formatting](https://pro.dp.la/hubs/metadata-application-profile) to incorporate required/repeatable fields could be an additive to the spreadsheet -- which would also match align to their formatting

* Next steps: picking when we want the sprint to start, and how to go about it
	* Pick a time, announce it, last for however long you want (normally 2 weeks), having some type of in sync “open room” where everyone could work on this would be a good idea
	* There is a sprint sign up sheet (don’t need a CLA)
	* So sign up for a column in the sign up, and then in the sprint spreadsheet do the work! 
* Next steps for sprint
	* Using next meeting as an open session/kickoff (using MIG meeting time for kickoff makes most sense) --  March 8th 2021
	* [Sprint signup spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s5GCs9zrJsXevOulyRehpC-wdn4ShOVvEeaHDN_A2eo/edit?usp=sharing) will be sent around
	* Advertisement for sprint will be going up
* Question:
	* "Something about the i8 metadata I realized is really bothering me - you have to define your repeating fields by how many repeats they are allowed - and you get one shot at that and can never change it.  I am horrified by both of those things - I thought defining a limited number of repeats went away with relational databases in the 90s.  And not being able to change?  Is 5 authors enough?  Do I have to do 10 and waste all those empty spaces on every record?  I don't really understand how drupal stores the metadata and I guess I need to - because what I believe are the answers to those questions are one reason I am strongly opposed to i8."
	* You can say it’s unlimited. You can say the field is repeatable only twice
	* The save thing is to say it’s unlimited, unless you have a good reason
	* It’s not impossible to change, but it requires programmer interface.
* Some push towards proprietary software -- if anyone has resources centering around “why you should pick Islandora” and away from a hosted solution, please share with Tillay. 
	* Company v. community support is not the same 
	* Response time varies 
	* Customization comes into play


    
### Next Meeting:
* March 8, 2021
	* Sprint!
 
	
	

  
