## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, November 22, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin





### Agenda: 
* Announcements
	* [From Slack](https://islandora.slack.com/archives/CM9CVQWJ0/p1637006554026600): Local Contexts (https://localcontexts.org) is looking for an Islandora perspective on their plans to include Traditional Knowledge Label information in DOI metadata (working with DataCite to set this up). They want to have a two-hour work session to create best practices. Is there anyone who would like to volunteer? 
* Sprint Discussion and Use Cases, ([Use Cases tagged as about metadata](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+use+case%22+label%3A%22Subject%3A+Metadata%22+); [All Use Cases, ordered by heart reacts so far](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22Type%3A+use+case%22+sort%3Areactions-heart-desc); [Sign up for Sprint](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1s5GCs9zrJsXevOulyRehpC-wdn4ShOVvEeaHDN_A2eo/edit#gid=171017277))




### Notes
* Announcements
	* Request that attendees add some brief bio to chat for new attendees.	
	* [From Slack](https://islandora.slack.com/archives/CM9CVQWJ0/p1637006554026600): Local Contexts (https://localcontexts.org) is looking for an Islandora perspective on their plans to include Traditional Knowledge Label information in DOI metadata (working with DataCite to set this up). They want to have a two-hour work session to create best practices. Is there anyone who would like to volunteer? 
		* Rosie is intrigued - Experience with Prototype in DataCite DOIs. Will reach out about that, and encouraged others
		* Seth has some familiarity with Traditional Knowledge Label - related to Indiginious Rights and Access
		* Things to consider - Technical Access vs Human aspects of that access. Considering administrator rights to information?
		* Kristina will connect Rosie with asker.

* Sprint Discussion:
	* Major Topics of Sprint: 
		* Access Control and related needs; 
		* Tooling for Spinning Up Islandora (Isle, Playbook, etc.);
		* The Technical Experience, Islandora Defaults, and Expectations around those ideas. 
	* There is hope to make this as open to the community as it can be. 
		* Hoping for Daily Checkins, Subgroups, find away to make something awesome happen.
	* What is a Sprint?
		* Focused period of time to work on something. Usually used in relation to technical problem/coding. Tackle big problems hanging over heads. Often coincides with a new release with Islandora.
		* Get more features out there and get it to be more robust.
		* Dedicating time to get a goal achieved in a relatively quick manner.
	* Kristina provided a quick review of the work done during recent(ish) Metadata-focused Sprint for some additonal context to the kind of work
	* Use Cases
		* 
	

    
### Next Meeting:
* December 06, 2021


	* 
