## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, December 20, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Chris Day
* Jenny Bradwhaw
* Matthew Lincoln
* Seth Shaw



### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Linked Data FYI
* Changes to Islandora Defaults (Metadata) ([Sandbox](https://167-99-189-181.traefik.me/)). 
* [Glossary work](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix) 




### Notes
* Announcements
	* CMU went live: https://digitalcollections.library.cmu.edu/
	* Next meeting January 31st
* Linked data FYI: 
	* This came up during a sprint working meeting
	* We are less concerned with blank nodes as we are with expressing complex relations. 
	* This also depends on how they form URi’s as well. It would be interesting if someone could proof of concept this.  
	* Danny (tech lead at fedora), interested and willing to talk about how to make these things work better together 

 * Changes to Islandora Defaults 
 	* Metadata people have found repository item, content type confusing. We’d want to understand better if it makes sense for this group to invest effort into investigating this default. We can discuss it as it involved. 

* Glossary work
	* Many of our glossary terms have been added to the documentation (islandora documentation) 
	* Miriko put in pull requests 
	* We could go through our list and remove terms that have been covered. And put in pull requests when it changes. 
	* We may want to work on this later 

* Sprint work:  
	* Overhaul of metadata islandora page -- should Matthew start making pull requests? Go ahead
	* Last time we met, we wanted to improve the documentation. And this improves multiple pages on the documentation. It was decided for the sprint group to move forward with changes, then bring it to MIG to discuss. 


	
	

    
### Next Meeting:
* January 31 , 2022

