## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, March 22, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Charlie Tillay
* Danny Lamb
* Rosie Le Faive
* Alexander O’Neill
* Mandy Ryan
* Seth Shaw




### Agenda:
* Announcements
* [Sprint Review](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-L_eAaNBvnVWb05HFrnNHKM6Bn2ULDKxurB9ZXRYCpU/edit#gid=0) -- what we found,what we'd change, and how it was a success!
* Round table 
### Notes
* Announcements
	* Thank you for helping in the sprint!
* Sprint review: 
	* Prep we did was great! And the amount of onboarding was good!/necessary 
	* The screensharing/walk through the instructions was very helpful 
	* Open meetings worked well. Good idea to have more. Maybe announce a week ahead of time when open rooms were. More experimentation is needed for this. 
	* Left sprint thinking about making changes -- there were some mappings or labels that were not how we thought they would be. Should this be a collaborative effort to change? 
	* Sprint: scoped well. 
	* Go through what we found and make a to-do list. That way we could look to see where we’d need more discussions on, and see where we should go forward. 
* Sprint review: 
* (1) dates/names : node creator and node creation date are in the same set of statements about the content represented by the node. Is this correct/appropriate/what we want?
* (2) Controlled fields : are set up as entity reference, but no taxonomies/vocabularies set up to them
	* (2b) Inconsistent terminologies in interface (structured taxonomies v vocabularies) - but that is a drupal ‘thing’
	* If you type in a value into taxonomy field (field that has no set taxonomy), example form. When you type in word it does create a taxonomy, however, no indication to what taxonomy the term is added to. 
	* On the fly taxonomy creation is happening in SOME fields. Discussion here : what vocabs should be assigned to those fields?
	*  Larger discussion: Alexander wrote drupal conterobution that’s a linked data lookup field.  Would we want to add some type of plugin for that? Alexander open to adjusting drupal configuration to fit needs 
	* Another good example is MARC country (a controlled vocab that should be linked data)
* May need to revisit mapping: knew wanted field to be controlled, but also knew that people may not have already controlled that field in MODS. Discussion having regarding making that decision, is how is what we’re doing going to impact people who haven’t mapped over. Will it still function regardless? Maybe should distinguish this is MODS to RDF mapping and that this is the ideal RDF. 
* As making decisions, need to make sure we’re not assuming all data going into these fields is not from a controlled vocabulary. Also from Subject Headings that incorporate DEI (diversity equity and inclusion) thesauri that are not controlled.  
* (3) Field type: text (plain) gets different treatment in jsonld --already being worked on. Issue: do we actually want English language as default when language tag is added? Or would have no language tag? Eng. as default doesn’t always fit with islandora values as it’s global
	* May get Eng. default from sites. May get away with not having language default set to Eng. 
	* Part of drupal install -- can’t get drupal site without declaring a language
	* Main issue : there is no transparency in that the default is set to English. When entering metadata you don’t see/cant change the default language
	* Drupal doesn’t make easy : entering translated value means entering translated values to the record. Bethony Seeger was working on this -- setting specific fields to different language values
	* Cataloging standards is English is default. 
	* Linked data paradigm puts data into statements
	* Multilingual metadata is a continuous conversation going on in Slack
* (4) Dewey and LCC numbers mapped both to classification. Library of congress mapping said to do that. 
* (5) Date fields : only specific types of EDF can be entered / the default doesn’t handle date ranges , and you need to set up the date ranges. Having documentation would be helpful
	* Could edit default config to indicate only accepting X dates/date formats. Would be nice to have it there.  That could be added to help text fields for that configuration. 
	* Edtf handling. When you put in date, (2021-21) it comes out as 2021-03. Magic is happening behind the scene but would need to verify that it’s spitting out what you actually want. 
	* Should give you both edtf string and ISO form. (form and date schema). 
* (6) Identifiers : all lumped together. No identification of which identifier is which. All identifiers are coming to “identifier” you’re cutting off most of the linking power (and unlike DDC and LCC which are meant to lump things together). 
* Round table discussion
	* Haven't seen people bragging on the community. Idea: should we do a community spotlight? Or create a place where you list struggles/and add answers.  
	* Maybe a “meet the librarian/meet the developer” highlight would be a good idea? 
	* Maybe spending a MIG one week where we share what we like about the community and what works. 

### Next Meeting:
* April 5, 2021
