## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, August 30, 2021, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam 
* Alex Kent
* Rosie Le Faive
* Matthew Lincoln
* Devon Murphy
* Mandy Ryan
* Seth Shaw
* Rachael White
* Chris





### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Paige Presentation on how we are working with Taxonomies and Controlled Vocabularies
* [Use Cases](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oyba3HJngwgAiQz8yasmOBZ5iM2coDdpnsGERiSs1DA/edit) discussion




### Notes
* Announcements
	* Announcements: tomorrow is the next summer of islandora
* Presentation on how Whitman is working with Taxonomies in Islandora 8 [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_CZGH2kZA6gnTfYF-NGur0oJBw-ZMxq_Kfl26nv8P-g/edit?usp=sharing)
	* Using URI with relators -- You can mint a relator to a local terminology or not. You could create a wikidata as  a workaround. You could create a uri and islandora 8 wouldn’t check against it. Linked data doesn’t care. 
	* If you wanted to associate a specific role to a person (that they’re a student or whatnot -- a descriptor to a role) -- it is possible in relationships to roles, but whitman isn’t doing that-- if so, we’d add it into a description field [Seth’s presentation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=min8dn_tJ3s) about relationships sounds like a solution. They use look-ups to define relationships. For dul-migrational relationships, those are still in the works.
	* Currently, in the I8 form, terms do not say which vocabulary the term is coming from. ALso, when something is in more than one vocabulary, there is no indication as to which vocabulary it’s coming from and can’t choose the correct term. -- UNLV has done a change in which shows the URI so it is doable. 
* [Use Cases](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oyba3HJngwgAiQz8yasmOBZ5iM2coDdpnsGERiSs1DA/edit)
	* Want to take into account accessibility regarding adding terms in specific vocabulary. 	
	* Feel free to provide feedback for this documentation (the link on the top of the documentation has a sample issue in markdown)
	* Would a lot of institutions be adding all their terms to one taxonomy? As a quick solution. However, most institutions would likely be using out of the box, and if they add in all terms into one taxonomy, it will be a major pain to sort that out later. 
	* Drupal doesn’t do this. And it could be that because drupal just gives you tags, and everything goes into tags. However the drupal guide has you set up the taxonomies. However that could be a one taxonomy to one field opposed to one field to multiple taxonomies. 
	* Kristina will create meta-ticket. And indicate when things are coming soon. 
	* [This Blog post](https://www.chapterthree.com/blog/how-alter-entity-autocomplete-results-drupal-8) may have something similar. So there may be a way to do that for taxonomy terms. 



    
### Next Meeting:
* September 13, 2021

