## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, February 28, 2022, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Chris Day
* David Wisniewski
* Hema Thulsidhos
* Mike Bolam
* Melanie  Cofield
* Rachel White
* Rosie Le Faive




### Agenda: 
* Announcements

* Report on discussion of Resource Type/SYstem Model from Tech Call
* Look at Technical Metadata (sandbox permitting) - [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OqlXsjKOosILo2A9LukMbZVxggrwEiAaNSpbm3u-OQk/edit?usp=sharing)




### Notes
* Announcements
 	* Gabby is leaving 
	* Islandora 7 end of live got extended to 2023
* Report on [Discussion of Resource Type/System Model](https://github.com/Islandora/documentation/issues/2052) from Tech Call
	* Rosie did a [pull request](https://github.com/Islandora-Devops/islandora_install_profile_demo/pull/11) for these issues 
		* Work includes that Resource Type can be multi-valued and is not required. However, anyone who runs old install is not able to have this (there is no hook) so this is just for new sites and can be rolled out on sandbox. 
		* Install profile changed so it no longer requires Resource Type. Field Model is required (it was already required).
		*  Waiting for people to test and add it to Islandora 8.
*  Technical Metadata
	*  Next steps to create document we could use to start analyzing technical metadata. And see what we’d want improved, added or removed. (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1OqlXsjKOosILo2A9LukMbZVxggrwEiAaNSpbm3u-OQk/edit#gid=0)
	*  Looking for volunteers to fill out / contribute to sheet to fill in the 7 remaining media types. 
	*  Should we have a column that indicates whether or not something gets auto populated? 
		*  Example, images, file size, height gets auto populated which happens before FITS gets generated. 
	*  Two ways to add media: 
		*  Directly from node
			*  When you add media directly from a node, the node is automatically added. Height and width auto populate, derivatives get created. 
			*  Access terms, not auto, original name not populated.
			*  FITS was auto-generated

		*  [From the media page](https://sandbox.islandora.ca/admin/content/media)
		*  Alternative text field gets auto-populated (you don’t see that field when you create the media from the node) – and it repeats information 
			*   Derativites have original name to help link? No. but still says it’s media of the same node. 
			*   When you upload the object. Alternative text appears (when you add media via on media page, and NOT the node’s page).
			*   FITS did not create (at least, not as fast as it did when the media was added directly from the node) 
	*   Question: media points to what node it belongs to, and there is movement to change that directionality so the node points to what media it has. What does that mean? Any media file/thumbnail can be associated with one node. If we kept that – there will be other issues – so if go go content and delete content / delete a node.. the media is still there. The question is can we delete the media automatically if we delete a node so we don’t have orphan nodes. 
		*   Topic is up for discussion. 
		*   The switch may not happen any time soon, however you could set up your site up the other way.  – however to get everyone to change directions may take too much. 
		*   Changing this direction is a good thing to do, but will be complicated, and take time. Because you assign node after putting media in, killing the media shouldn’t kill the node. We think of an object belonging to media, and a media can only point to one node. So it would be logical to delete the node and have the media automatically be deleted as well.

	

    
### Next Meeting:
* March 14, 2022
