12:01:32 From Rosie Le Faive (she/they) to Everyone:
	https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2022/2022-11-07.md
12:04:14 From Rosie Le Faive (she/they) to Everyone:
	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit#heading=h.g8934y7u2a3w
12:09:56 From Devon Murphy (they/them) to Everyone:
	same situation here at UT Austin :)
12:11:25 From Andrew Weidner to Everyone:
	We're using Handle at BC.
12:27:33 From Rosie Le Faive (she/they) to Everyone:
	https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit#
12:38:36 From Rosie Le Faive (she/they) to Everyone:
	https://www.drupal.org/project/unique_content_field_validation
12:50:40 From borwickja@umsystem.edu to Everyone:
	Thank you!
