## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, March 28, 2022, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Mike Bolam
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Mike Bolam
* Chris Day
* Devon Murphy
* Rosie Le Faive
* Staci Ross
* Rachel White
* Andrew Weidner
* Seth Shaw
* Melanie Cofield


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
	* There is an Islandora [Cookbook](https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/Islandora-Cookbook) for those interested
* Technical Metadata: Continuing FITS 




### Notes
* Announcements
	* Islandora [Cookbook](https://github.com/Islandora-Labs/Islandora-Cookbook) has been merged into the general documentation pages. Just alerting folks to the new location. For next time, if you are working in the new Islandora, are there any tasks that are a pain or confusing.
	* [IslandoraCon 2022](https://2022.islandora.ca/) looking for [presenters](https://forms.gle/BhAh5Ch27J5XvvmS8). Open to both in person and virtual presenters. Proposals due by May 15, 2022. 
* Some folks have successfully use Kristina's ProfileXML.rb script that was demoed last week.
* Technical Metadata: Continuing FITS (Rosie led)
	* [Overview of Islandora FITS](https://docs.lefaive.ca/w/index.php/Islandora_FITS)
	* Some challenges understanding (or having to assume) that the FITS is associated with the original files. Potential confusion 
	* Data in the FITS XML is not immediately accessible or useable. System doesn't understand it as data. It's just another derivative file.
	* May need an xpath to field map config to present the proper data.
	* Some may want to maintain info about service files - would need FITS on original file and FITS on derivative
	* Default from drupal - filesize, checksum, mimetype
	* For example, we may want to get the well-formedness and validity of the object, and any conflict statuses, in the FITS file.
	* Potential Next Steps:
		* Write use case with examples of data from FITS that would useful for Technical Metadata
		* Development request for XML-extractor utility to populate entity fields
* Rountable:
	* Mike introduced Staci and talked about some of our metadata remediation projects.
	* Seth talked about hierarchical geographic terms. Problems with compound headings, particularly with topic--geographic--geographic. 
	* Lots of discussion on challenges around subject headings. 
    
### Next Meeting:
* April 25, 2022
