## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, December 19, 2022, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&) 
#### Join Us Virtually!
* Zoom Link: https://us02web.zoom.us/j/93923574947?pwd=Z1kyY01veFJNbFZFVUg4Mm1jS1FyZz09

---
## Chair Roster
* Paige Morfitt üìù
* Rosie Le Faive ü™ë
* Chris Day ü§†
---

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)
* [MIG I8 Glossary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cfPYFVV9qvvz2VjBRdYUN0CB7AyVDuG-GYavQ27DuBk/edit#heading=h.9fr9xw70meix)
* [Field of the Week](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit)

---

#### Attending:
* Rosie LeFeive
* Chris Day
* Paige Morfitt
* Dani Kroon
* Jessica Colati
* Seth Shaw


### Agenda: 
* Announcements
    * Starter Site Updates
* Metadata Resolutions
* Fields Of The Week: [End-of-Year Summary](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rk0o_0byzeHrSKst0Feval_QeVZmo2DeIP0Mk3jaaFc/edit#heading=h.xal7wmf5chu8)
  * Starter Site
  * Islandora Ingest
  * What Is Missing?
* Open Conversation as time allows


### Notes: 
Announcements: 
*  Updated instance of [starter site](http://159.203.45.196/) 
	* This is a reflection of conversations we've had in this group
	* Rosie is continuing to work on documentation (such as that which came out of a [sprint](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1c36IHZ1H-9tsI9UD7d0QAEEnlY6vyd1kxx2dU2iffWQ/edit#gid=194840010)
	* Hopefully it will clear up definitions
	* Metadata: we have a taxonomy module, and field module which helps show if fields are translatable and repeatable which can export a CSV. 
	* There is an Entity Reports module which is very similar and allows you to export in CSV, however, it doesn't have materials needed for drupal policy
	* As of now in the starter site, please be mindful of what changes you make. It would be good to have a clear definition as to what we can/not include in the starter site, as well as messaging that indicates these are modules you could use (and are not automatically added). And it's good to know you should use at your own risk. 
	* In the new year, would like a metadata blend, where we can add metadata and play around it. As of now, we're limited in what we can do with fields (specifically paragraphs can't be ingested now) due to indexing. We will add to the agenda whether we'd want to do a metadata sprint or talk in depth about indexing in the starter site first
		* If we do decide to do a sprint first, it is good to track offline what changes you make, because you never know what changes others will make. 
* Our next meeting will be January 9th due to holidays (Happy Holidays!)

Agenda
* Metadata Resolutions: 
	* Rosie:  work on collection of books and harmonizing the schema to migrate book collection. 
	* Dani:  redue metadata mapping, and doing migrations. 
		* Multi-sites: Rosie sending out feelers to the community.  This could be an awesome addition
	* Chris: catching up in metadata assessment. 
	* Paige: to update metadata abstracts in Islandora to add italics. 
	* Jessica: become familiar with how Drupal and preservation-minded metadata interact as I become more familiar with an Islandora w/o fedora/FOXML under it. 
		* If there is anything that could be added, either to the starter site or documentation, feel free to reach out/add it!
* Field of the Week: Year end summary
	* Talked about: Title, Model, Resource Type, Genre, Linked Agent, Identifiers, Publication Information, Subjects
	* Common theme is vocabulary and we all want to understand taxonomies more; understanding the basics they offer to collections 
	* Taxonomy manager module is in the starter site. And once we can start playing around in it, it could show things we'd like to change. We do know about the challenges of working with nodes. There is a Entity Reference Integrity drupal module that indicates that no one can delete anything so long as something is attached to it. 
		* This would be interesting because it follows what catalogers work with in Alma. 
	* Takeaways: we do plan on doing a metadata sprint sometime next year
	* Fields yet to do: Rights, Dates, Abstracts, Description, Notes, Table of Contents, Physical Description: Extent, Format, and Language
	* MODS missing entirely from Islandora: 
		* the majority of them are hierarchical (opposed to targetAudience which we were unsure would be a field to keep)
		* related item: as of now, there is no way to indicate this type of relationship
		* parts: they were not included in part because it was unclear how to interpret them
			* however, we could look to add volume, issue, start page, end page
		* extensions: we wouldn't be able to map that, but it is encouraged (for things like adding your xml)
		* recordInfo: the administration aspect. In Drupal we have a different way of recording that information (things that are wanted in the started site). 
			* a lot of those fields are generated in Drupal. Information useful to users would be metadata source, standards, language, institution -- things that keep track of that information, specifically if you are adding your metadata to a consortia project with lots of partners. To help accountability when metadata is changed. 
	* UNLV has students working on metadata and in their workflows, and they made use of revision in Drupal to add notes (it included who did it, when and a note so you'd have to prefix with the code of the project). So when someone made a revision, they would add a note as part of their workflow. 
* New stuff in MODS 
	* They've added originInfo/agent -- More production or dealing with physical object opposed to create type fields. 
	* Could also be who made it, who is the manufacturer, broadening the scope of what we're describing as being books
		* as of now we have a linked agent field that encompasses all of these, but a filtered linked agent field would be good (this is something that is being played around in the starter site)
	* looking at how MODS splits up Roles, we may want to reconsider our all in one agent field and look into splitting that up into things that are more intuitive. 
		* UNLV has few linked agent fields and kept linked relator to be almost the catch-all. 
		* SAIC has a separate person and organization. They also had a primary name field, donor field (an admin-only field), and another linked agent field -- for these cases, it was nice having a different field type. 
		* could be good to have the node form create a new agent on the fly, specially because it is a bit circular having to add terms to the taxonomy first. This specially would be useful when adding things one at a time to Islandora opposed to batch
		* for UNLV, moving terms was broken because it couldn't deal with  the typed relationships (only works with entity relationship fields) 
* Not-so much metadata fields to mention/ System fields 
	* Custom sort value (how we weight pages)
	* Access Control (a custom field not in the starter site) -- they want permissions by term. 
		* if you have more than 200 items, it may work but anything more may cause problems
		* Whitman may be using this.
	* Physical Form and Main Banner are in the install profile
* Islandora ingest: 
	* using a combination of workbench and migrate module
 	* ASU is not using islandora ingest because they need the paragraph support. 
* Thank you all and have a great New Year! 



### Next Meeting:
* Jan 9, 2022
