## Islandora Metadata Interest Group Agenda
### Monday, April 25, 2022, [1-2pm EST](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=1%20pm&tz=Toronto&)

---
* Chair: Kristina Spurgin
* Notetaker: Paige Morfitt
---

#### Join Us!
* Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/82790225209

#### Working Documents:
* [CLAW MIG MODS simplified mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18u2qFJ014IIxlVpM3JXfDEFccwBZcoFsjbBGpvL0jJI/edit#gid=0)
* [Example MODS for CLAW mapping](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1C2Xie7HUDSgRT5v4ldoJvlNdoXz2GHAPvL3PE3TOKW8/edit#gid=1829081124)
* [Draft Recommendations](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15qSO9YcALtYSqd6CUuGx0t8FwUJ5pPwVPz0PA5rU898/edit#heading=h.f9r6knw0rjvu)
* [Feedback on Mapping from ICG, Part 2](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11OpqMMCXM1TFXgsr4yyTQ_cH9DabnD31p7JnuTRQl28/edit?invite=CMWvruEI&ts=5e66437f)
* [Wants/Needs/Questions Open Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12Kpb6826TNPzzMuyPS0sESa9TLnmljQmeioWbaPeEdA/edit)
* [Working Ideas](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/working_docs/ideas_and_topics.md)

---

#### Attending:
* Kristina Spurgin
* Paige Morfitt
* Mike Bolam
* Angelica Crowe
* Chris Day
* Jonathan Kiritharan
* Rosie Le Faive
* Devon Murphy
* Staci L. Ross
* Seth Shaw
* Andrew Weidner
* Rachel White




### Agenda: 
* Announcements
* Making the sandbox reflect a real repository
* Documentation for metadata clean up in Islandora 8 -- What problems have you encountered with your metadata? We are looking to create documentation or a video on editing metadata in islandora 8 once it’s ingested, and wanted to get a collection of issues so we document for others.





### Notes
* Announcements
	* Open meeting is tomorrow. Rosie is doing a one-on-one video on people looking for input and help with drupal. It will start aimed for an audience with little to no knowledge on drupal and build off that  (example "What is a node"). The afternoon session will go on to introduce the Islandora wiki as well as have time for discussion. 
* Making the sandbox reflect a real repository
	* Is this something we would want to do to make the sanxbox reflect real-world repositories? This comes with creating documentation for cleaning up in Islandora 8 - to make the sandbox accuratly reflect what clean up in 8 would look like. 
	* It would be useful to have a sandbox that has more than minimal content regarding metadata terms. 
	*  We would want to be mindful of not adding too much to the sandbox, though could possibly look at using Open Access government or museum content. Though minimal metadata, we could over a course of weeks/months add in that metadata for the sandbox. However, it would be worth noting we would want messy metadata in the sandbox for documentation on clean-up, but once that documnetation is done we wouldn't want to keep the metadata messy. 
	*  Specking out what we want first. Kristina can reach out and ask about sandbox capabilities (specially because we would want the larger metadata sample to be in for a long-period of time)
	*  Dates - it would be useful to have different types of EDTF dates to see what sorting looks like 
* Documentation for metadata clean up in Islandora 8 -- What problems have you encountered with your metadata? We are looking to create documentation or a video on editing metadata in islandora 8 once it’s ingested, and wanted to get a collection of issues so we document for others 
	* [Metadata brain dump](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_--RimkzV5Hh6o9Gc_h4o8MC5gDVH5eI59jR_vIGEoY/edit) -- a place to put your metadata problems to share with others
	*  Idea of creating a document to list issues that have come up in metadata clean up so others who are migrating to Islandora 8 know what to expect. Specially as some instutions have not thought about clean up/ what it would look like on the other side yet. 
	* Good thing to add to documentation: you can merge similar terms using a module however there are limitations (such as it doesn't understand Reference Type taxonomy terms). 
 
	
	

    
### Next Meeting:
* May 9, 2022
