09:59:15 From  Devon Murphy (they/them)  to  Everyone:
	hello! microphone not working today so i'll be here in the chat
10:01:09 From  Islandora Foundation  to  Everyone:
	agenda: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2022/2022-03-28.md
10:03:13 From  Islandora Foundation  to  Everyone:
	agenda: https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Metadata-Interest-Group/blob/main/Meetings/2022/2022-03-28.md
10:12:32 From  Islandora Foundation  to  Everyone:
	Sorry!
10:24:51 From  Devon Murphy (they/them)  to  Everyone:
	yes! it's amazing. I would love to learn more about possible errors/your ruby script for mods-to-csv later
10:24:52 From  Devon Murphy (they/them)  to  Everyone:
	big claps
10:37:51 From  Chris Day  to  Everyone:
	I have to leave a little early. Thanks everyone. This has been great. Gonna start looking at FITS more closely.
10:42:56 From  Seth Shaw  to  Everyone:
	FYI, the file inhibitor is file encryption.
